Rhopaloblaste augusta is a species of flowering plant in the family Arecaceae. It is found on the Nicobar Islands in the Indian Ocean, part of India. It is also found in Peninsular Malaysia & Singapore, the Moluccas, New Guinea & the Solomon Islands. In lowland rain forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.


Stadion Wiener Neustadt, also known as the Teddybären & Plüsch-Stadion, is a stadium in Wiener Neustadt, Austria. It is mostly used for football matches. Currently its only tenant is SC Wiener Neustadt, though former Austrian champions 1. Wiener Neustädter SC have also played there. The stadium has also been used for speedway racing.

History
Stadion Wiener Neustadt opened its gates on 19 May 1955. Its construction took three years. Upon its completion, former Nationalliga team 1. Wiener Neustädter SC used the stadium for their home matches, as did SV Admira Wiener Neustadt in the 1972–73 season.
The record attendance at the stadium was on 14 September 1963, when 12,000 people watched the match between SC Wiener Neustadt and Austria Wien and celebrated a surprise 1–0 home victory. Other highlights include the first leg of the Austrian Cup 1964–65 between SC Wiener Neustadt and LASK Linz and a match in the European Cup Winners' Cup 1965–66 against Romanian sides Ştiinţa Cluj on 1 September 1965.
During the 1980s, Stadion Wiener Neustadt was extensively modernized, including the installation of floodlights and the completion of the roofed main stand. The Austrian Supercup final was staged in the stadium in 1992. After SC Wiener Neustadt were relegated from the Austrian second division in 1995, no professional football was played in the stadium until 2008 when FC Magna Wiener Neustadt from nearby Oberwaltersdorf decided to play their home matches there.
Another renovation was made in 2008, at a cost of 1.2 million Euros. The existing floodlights were upgraded, and adaptions for spectators, players and the media were made.

References
External links
stadium section at www.sc.wiener-neustadt.at (in German)
Stadium imageDavid Seaman is a conspiracist primarily known for his promotion of the Pizzagate conspiracy theory both during its initial furor and in subsequent years. Seaman wrote for various publications (including Jezebel, TheStreet.com, and The Huffington Post) while styling himself as a 'publicity expert.' By 2012, Seaman had shifted to a political orientation, launching a Libertarian senate campaign and expressing his views on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast. In 2016, Seaman was fired from his Huffpost columnist role for promoting conspiracist content, after which he became a major voice in the Pizzagate conspiracy community.

Writing career
David worked as an intern for the women's magazine Jezebel. After this, Seaman pivoted to presenting himself as a self-promotion guru. After graduating from New York University in 2008, Seaman published Dirty Little Secrets of Buzz: How to Attract Massive Attention to Your Business, Your Product, or Yourself, using those he describes as "publicity whores" to describe how to court virality, including anecdotes about Howard Stern, Tila Tequila, Ann Coulter, Bill Maher, and Donald Trump. While preparing the book in 2007, Seaman staged a "Free Paris Hilton" protest in which he attracted only three fellow protestors, but succeeded in entering the local tabloids, interviewing with Nancy Grace on CNN, and getting played off of on Jummy Kimmel and Conan O'Brien's late-night shows. The incident led to Seaman's firing from his internship at Jezebel. Reflecting on Seaman's emergence on the conspiracy scene a decade later, Seaman's editor at the time, Moe Tkacik, expressed surprise at the path Seaman had taken, though noted that "his ideas were already bad and self-promotional" as of 2007.Seaman later wrote for TheStreet.com, a financial news site. Following this, Seaman became involved in finance, credit, and cryptocurrencies, leading the development of a (now-defunct) Yelp for credit cards called CreditCardOutlaw.com and joining Cara Santa Maria on her podcast Talk Nerdy.Inspired by his interest in traceless currencies, Seaman began opposing internet bills like the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and the Protect IP Act (PIPA) on the basis of privacy and internet freedom. Through these arguments, Seaman started a campaign against U.S Representative Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, a key supporter of these bills. Seaman's congressional campaign led to his first invitation to guest on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast. Seaman guested a total of seven times on Rogan's podcast, where he largely discussed topics such as surveillance and bitcoin. When Rogan moved his podcast to the streaming platform Spotify, the episodes including Seaman were among the forty not included in the move.

Conspiracy career
In late 2013, Seaman published an ebook titled All Your Favorite Conspiracy Theories Are Wrong. Seaman wrote for both Business Insider and then The Huffington Post in this period. However, The Huffington Post fired Seaman after he posted an article questioning Hillary Clinton's health, using a video by conspiracy theorist Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars. Seaman said in 2017 that this termination led him to become involved with the Pizzagate conspiracy. At the time in 2016, Seaman's firing caused him to become something of a hero among the Reddit community /r/The_Donald, and he began producing videos critical of Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee.As of March 2017, Seaman's YouTube channel had over 150,000 subscribers, with content concentrating on a purported "satanic cabal of elites" in an alleged conspiracy with the government to traffic and rape small children. Between October 2016, the start of his Pizzagate content, and March 2017, Seaman's account accrued over 6 million views. At this time, Seaman deleted many older videos, saying he feared litigation. As of 2017, his videos tended to receive between fifty- and a hundred-thousand views, and he released more than a video a day. Alongside his YouTube presence, Seaman had nearly 70,000 Twitter followers as of 2017.Seaman was denied use of the YouTube platform in February 2018, after which he moved his videos to BitChute, an alt-tech video streaming platform.Between March 2017 and June 2018, Seaman launched a conservative news website, Fulcrum News, on which he was posting pro-Trump conspiracy theories as of June 2018.

Relationship with outside groups
Seaman opposed QAnon believers and taunted QAnon fans following the anti-climactic release of the Office of the Inspector General report.After Alex Jones apologized in March 2017 for his participation in the Pizzagate conspiracy, Seaman described Jones's withdrawal as a "disgrace." That same weekend, Seaman joined a national Pizzagate demonstration in Lafayette Square in front of the White House (attendance was a few dozen individuals), where he gave a speech about how he continues to believe in the theory.On July 4, 2018, Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle was photographed with Seaman while he made a white nationalist-associated hand gesture. Seaman said that he is a fan of Guilfoyle, but that this was only a fan photograph, with no discussion of Pizzagate. Guilfoyle's spokesman said that this was one out of hundreds of photographs.


Susanna Eises  (born 18 January 1991) is a Namibian women's international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Eises started to play for the Okahandja Beauties FC. She was selected in 2006 for the Namibia women's national football team as a defender until she became a goalkeeper in mid-2011, a position she kept up to July 2012 until she was suspended.Eises was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship. On club level she plays for Khomas Nampol Ladies FC in Namibia.


Robert Francis Callahan (September 26, 1923 – March 10, 2011) was an American football player. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri and attended Beaumont High School where he was the captain of the football and basketball teams.  He played college football as a center for the University of Missouri in 1942, but his education was interrupted by two years in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.  After being discharged from the Marines, Callahan played football as a tackle and center for the University of Michigan in 1945 and 1946.In January 1947, Callahan announced that he was leaving school and hoped to play professional football.  He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals in the 31st round (289th overall pick) of the 1947 NFL Draft.  He opted instead to sign with the Brooklyn Dodgers in April 1947, but he did not appear in any games.  In 1948, he signed with the Buffalo Bills in the All-America Football Conference.  He appeared in  seven games as a center and linebacker for the Bills during the 1948 AAFC season.  Callahan died in March 2011.  His last listed residence was in Orange County, California.


Parkland Secondary School is a public secondary school in North Saanich, a suburb of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.   It is operated by School District 63 Saanich.  It is one of three secondary schools in the school district and is located at the northern end of the Saanich Peninsula. The school serves the municipalities of North Saanich and Sidney as well as the nearby Pauquachin, Tsawout and Tseycum First Nations communities.  International students from around the world comprise a significant percentage of the student enrollment. In 2018, Parkland Secondary introduced the International Baccalaureate program, making it the only school on Vancouver Island to offer such a program. Parkland Secondary is fed primarily from North Saanich Middle School.

Special programs
In addition to a full range of standard academic courses and athletics, the school also offers:

Hockey Academy - utilizes the ice rink at nearby Panorama Recreation Centre.
Judo Academy
Outdoor Education - includes kayaking, canoeing, wilderness safety, first aid, outdoor survival skills, nutrition/dehydration,  wilderness cooking, navigation, and environmental practices.
Sailing Academy - in conjunction with the school's Marine Institute.
International Baccalaureate- Provides a more advanced education for students to join in grades 11–12. [1]

Marine Institute
The Marine Institute at Parkland was established in 2012.  It is operated as a school academy, together with the Sailing Academy, to offer students a range of opportunities in academics, post-secondary credits and apprenticeships, trades certifications, environmental recreation, and sailing through both classroom-based instruction and on-the-water experience.  The Marine Institute partners with the Institute of Ocean Sciences, a research station operated by the Government of Canada at nearby Patricia Bay. The Institute of Ocean Sciences is paired with a Canadian Coast Guard base which home-ports Canadian and Japanese offshore oceanographic research vessels and an Arctic ice-breaker.

Saanich International Student Program
The Saanich International Student Program (SISP) is co-located at Parkland Secondary School.  It serves students in grades 9–12 at Parkland Secondary, Stelly's Secondary School, and Claremont Secondary School.  In the 2013–1014 academic year SISP students comprised approximately 15% of Parkland secondary's student population.

Weather station
The University of Victoria operates a weather station at PSS as part of its School-Based Weather Station Network which gathers data from schools around Greater Victoria for its Climate Modelling Group of the School of Earth and Ocean Science.  The data is collected at the university and used to provide meteorological forecasts online.

Facilities
The school was originally constructed in 1970 and opened for the 1973–74 school year.  A significant addition and upgrade was undertaken in 2000.  The school was scheduled to undergo seismic upgrades in 2014–15.

References
External links
Marine Institute webpage
Saanich International Student Program webpage
Parkland International Baccalaureate ProgramDesh Ka Bhavishya is the second and the final volume of Yashpal's Jhutha Sach. It is based on the events surrounding the Partition of India. It was originally published in 1960 in India.


This is a list of lighthouses in Saint Lucia.

Lighthouses
See also
Lists of lighthouses and lightvessels

References
External links
Rowlett, Russ. "The Lighthouse Directory". University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.Jazz Impressions of A Boy Named Charlie Brown (stylized with quotation marks as Jazz Impressions of "A Boy Named Charlie Brown") is the sixth studio album by American jazz pianist Vince Guaraldi (credited to the Vince Guaraldi Trio), released in the U.S. by Fantasy Records in December 1964. It is the soundtrack to the unreleased television documentary film entitled A Boy Named Charlie Brown.

Production
Vince Guaraldi was contacted by television producer Lee Mendelson to compose music for a documentary on the comic strip Peanuts and its creator, Charles M. Schulz. Although the special went unaired due to Mendelson's failure to secure a sponsor, Guaraldi's selections were released in 1964 as Jazz Impressions of A Boy Named Charlie Brown. Most of the tracks were designed to introduce and accompany specific characters. Although never aired on television, the 30-minute documentary was instrumental in garnering commercial support and the creative teamwork that resulted in A Charlie Brown Christmas in 1965 and Guaraldi's accompanying soundtrack, which has been a perennial holiday favorite.The album is famous for including the recording of the Peanuts instrumental theme tune, "Linus and Lucy". The version included on the album would be re-released on future Guaraldi albums over the next half-century. Bassist Monty Budwig and drummer Colin Bailey were credited as performing on the album.

Cover artwork and packaging
The original cover of the album consisted of an elaborate gatefold album jacket with a picture of Guaraldi's head attached to a cartoon image of his body. Guaraldi is seen stealing Lucy's affections from Schroeder while seated at his toy piano, with Linus and Charlie Brown playing double bass and guitar, respectively, and Snoopy dancing alongside of them. The rear cover featured 12 individual Schulz drawings of Peanuts characters, with each drawing reproduced in a larger 8-by-10 format, as frame-ready posters that were stored inside the gatefold.
For the 1972 re-release, the cover art was changed to the 8-by-10 drawing of Charlie Brown seen on his pitcher's mound wearing his yellow striped shirt and baseball cap original used as one of the frame-ready posters. The title was also shortened to simply A Boy Named Charlie Brown, with the subtitle The Original Sound Track Recording of the CBS Television Special.

Release
Jazz Impressions of A Boy Named Charlie Brown was released on CD in 1989 under the title A Boy Named Charlie Brown and featured a live bonus track of "Fly Me to the Moon". Fantasy Records also inserted a new cover image featuring Charlie Brown in a red shirt and baseball cap and rolling his eyes. The 2014 remaster was retitled A Boy Named Charlie Brown (The Original Sound Track Recording) (deleting the mention of the CBS Television Special) and contained an alternate take of "Baseball Theme." The cover art also reverted to the 1972 reissue printing release featuring Charlie Brown in his classic yellow striped shirt.

Critical reception
Upon its initial release, Jazz Impressions of A Boy Named Charlie Brown was a hit and has remained so well into the 21st century.
Derrick Bang, Guaraldi historian and author of Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, commented that, "the importance of this album and its successor, the score to the Christmas special, cannot be overstated; rarely has an entertainment icon been so quickly — and firmly — welded to a musical composition...indeed, to an entire body of work from one individual. Guaraldi defined the Peanuts sound, and it's just as true today as it was in the 1960s. The compositions themselves are uniformly sparkling; it's as if the jazz pianist and his trio were waiting for this precise inspiration." Bang also noted that the album "represents one of the very few times a soundtrack was issued for a program that people never saw."AllMusic critic Richard S. Ginell noted that "the music heard here probably introduced millions of kids (and their parents) to jazz from the mid-'60s onward." He added "the most remarkable thing, besides the high quality of Guaraldi's whimsically swinging tunes, is that he did not compromise his art one iota for the cartoon world; indeed, he sounds even more engaged, inventive, and lighthearted in his piano work here than ever. It must have been quite a delightful shock back then to hear a straight-ahead jazz trio backing all those cartoon figures and genuine children's voices, a mordant running musical commentary that made its own philosophical points."

Chart performance
The album peaked at number 20 on the Billboard Soundtracks chart on the week ending March 13, 2015.

Track listing
Original 1964 vinyl issue
All tracks are written by Vince Guaraldi, except where noted.

1989 CD release
2014 CD remaster
Personnel
Credits adapted from the original vinyl release.

Vince Guaraldi Trio
Vince Guaraldi – piano
Monty Budwig – double bass
Colin Bailey – drumsAdditional
Lee Mendelson – liner notes
Ralph J. Gleason – liner notes
Charles M. Schulz – artwork

References
External links
Jazz Impressions of "A Boy Named Charlie Brown" at Discogs (list of releases)The Triumph Bonneville T120 1200 is a British motorcycle designed and built in Hinckley, Leicestershire by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd.

Models
Bonneville T120
Bonneville T120 Black
Bud Ekins T120
References
See also
List of Triumph motorcycles

External links
www.triumphmotorcycles.co.uk - Bonneville T120Newham North East was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the London Borough of Newham. It returned one Member of Parliament, elected by the first past the post system.

History
The constituency was created for the February 1974 general election, and abolished for the 1997 general election, when it was partly replaced by the new East Ham constituency.
It was one of the most multicultural constituencies in the United Kingdom; the 1991 census showed 53.4% of the constituency was of minority ethnic.

Boundaries
1974–1983: The London Borough of Newham wards of Castle, Central, Greatfield, Kensington, Little Ilford, Manor Park, St Stephens, Wall End, and Woodgrange
1983–1997: The London Borough of Newham wards of Castle, Central, Greatfield, Kensington, Little Ilford, Manor Park, Monega, St Stephens, and Wall End

Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 1970s
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1990s
Note: Immediately prior to the election Kellaway announced that he was leaving the Liberal Democrats and joining the Labour Party. Consequently, there was no official Liberal Democrat standing in the election


== Notes and references ==Scribble were a post punk synth pop band based around Johanna Pigott (ex-XL Capris) on lead vocals, guitar, piano and keyboards, which she formed in 1983. She was joined by her domestic partner, Todd Hunter (of Dragon, also ex-XL Capris), on bass guitar and keyboards, and session musicians. They released two albums, So Far 1983-1985 (December 1985) and Pop Art (mid-1986). Scribble disbanded in 1987 with Pigott focussing on her song writing.

History
Johanna Pigott formed Scribble as a synth pop band in Sydney in 1983, the year after her previous group, XL Capris had disbanded. For her new group Pigott provided lead vocals, guitar, piano and keyboards. She recruited her domestic partner (later her husband), Todd Hunter, on bass guitar and keyboards. Hunter was also a member of the rock group, Dragon, and had been her bandmate in XL Capris.

In November 1983 the group issued a seven-track extended play, Scribble, on Regular/WEA. Session musicians with Pigott and Hunter were Jeff Oakes on saxophone, Michel Rose on pedal steel and Keith Stirling on trumpet. It provided their debut single, "Silly Girl", in the same month, with cover art depicting a dark forest and the band's name stylised as bare trees. The track was written by Pigott. Its music video showed a wistful Pigott singing and playing guitar. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, described their sound as "winsome, witty pop." Christine Nestel of The Canberra Times opined that "[their] first album met with critical acclaim."The group's second single, "Adaptability", followed a year later in November 1984. The track was co-written by Pigott, Hunter and their former XL Capris bandmate, Tim Gooding; it was used for the theme of a children's TV show, The Cartoon Connection (from 1985). Regular Records released a compilation album, So Far 1983-1985, in December 1985 on Regular/Festival Records. To promote the album Pigott and Hunter assembled a touring version of Scribble with Lee Borkman on keyboards and keyboard bass, Mike Caen on guitar and backing vocals (both ex-Pink Slips), and Tim Powles on drums (ex-Ward 13, on loan from the Venetians). That line-up recorded a studio album, Pop Art, which was issued in mid-1986 via Regular/Festival. Its cover depicts a pop art stylised version of Pigott. Hunter produced the album.Pigott described her preference when performing, "Just singing, you can actually concentrate on entertaining rather than playing in tune. When you play and sing you have to concentrate on so many things – you're thinking is the amp right, is the mike OK, are you singing in tune. It's a real luxury just being able to relate to the audience without all those things to worry about." By that time the line-up was Pigott, Hunter, Borkman and Caen joined by Neville Anderson (also ex-Pink Slips) on drums, Mark Bell on guitar (ex-Blam Blam Blam, Coconut Rough) and Sandy Chick on backing vocals (ex-Rockmelons).

The album had ten tracks, including three singles: "Sunday School" (April 1986), "Don't Give Your Heart Away" (July) and "Alligator" (November) – all are co-written by Pigott and Hunter. Pigott's punk nickname from her time in XL Capris had been Alligator Bagg. "Alligator" was later performed by Fleur Beaupert on the TV drama series, Heartbreak High, episodes No. 133 and No. 145 (Series 6, 1998). The Canberra Times' Laurence Boswell declared that their recorded sound was "soft and smooth" compared with their live show, which was "harder and heavier — partly due to the guitar work of [Bell]."At the end of 1986 the group's line-up was Pigott, Bell, Nicolette Boaz on keyboards, Bill Heckenberg on drums and Geoff Lundren on bass guitar. Hunter had returned to his work with Dragon. During 1986 Melanie Oxley provided backing vocals. Scribble toured in support of the album and its singles. They disbanded in 1987 and Pigott continued song writing with Hunter. Hunter revealed that "there are film projects that we've got that we have to start soon... There are all these projects on hold. [Dragon's] taking up a lot of time at the moment." Although achieving some cult interest there was little commercial success for Scribble. Both Borkman (1989) and Caen (1989, 1995) were later members of Dragon.

Members
Todd Hunter – bass guitar, keyboards (1983–86)
Johanna Pigott – lead vocals, guitar, keyboards (1983–87)
Lee Borkman – keyboards, keyboard bass (1985–86)
Mike Caen – guitar, backing vocals (1985–86)
Tim Powles – drums (1985–86)
Neville Anderson – drums (1986)
Mark Bell – guitar (1986–87)
Sandy Chick – backing vocals (1986)
Boaz Nicolette – keyboards (1986–87)
Bill Heckenberg – drums (1986–87)
Geoff Lundren – bass guitar (1986)
Melanie Oxley – backing vocals (1986)

Discography
Albums
So Far 1983-1985 (December 1985) Regular Records/Festival Records
Pop Art (mid-1986) Regular/Festival

Extended plays
Scribble (November 1983) Regular/WEA

Singles
"Silly Girl" (November 1983) Regular/WEA
"Adaptability" (November 1984) Regular
"Sunday School" (April 1986) Regular/Festival
"Don't Give Your Heart Away" (July 1986) Regular/Festival
"Alligator" (November 1986) Regular/Festival


Nizhyn Okruha (Ukrainian: Ніжинська округа) was an okruha (regional district) in 1923–1930 in northeastern Ukraine. Its administrative centre was located in Nizhyn. 
The okruha was created in 1923 as part of the Chernigov Governorate. In 1925-1930 it served as a first-level administrative division within the Ukrainian SSR.
In 1926 okruha consisted of 12 raions.

References
External links
Nizhyn Okruha at Encyclopedia of History of Ukraine
Government of the Nizhyn Okruha at the Handbook on history of the Communist Party and the Soviet Union 1898–1991Naval Beach Group One, (NBG-1) is a United States Navy amphibious unit based at Naval Amphibious Base Coronado in Coronado, California. Naval Beach Group Two is its sister unit based at Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek, Virginia.

Mission
Since its inception 19 July 1948, Naval Beach Group One (NBG-1) and its component commands have participated in a variety of amphibious operations. From the early years of assaults during the Korean and Vietnam conflicts to the modern and technically sophisticated amphibious operations in Somalia and Iraq, the men and women of NBG-1 have served throughout the Pacific and Indian Oceans in support of US policy abroad.Commander, Naval Beach Group ONE (CNBG-1) functions under two distinct missions. During amphibious assaults, he provides personnel to support and operate causeway lighterage, LCACs, LCUs, buoyant ship-to-shore bulk fuel systems, beach traffic control, and beach salvage equipment. The second mission is under the Maritime Preposition Force (MPF) concept which uses the equipment and supplies prepositioned on board forward deployed Maritime Prepositioning ships (MPS). Joining forces with the Marine Expeditionary Brigade (MEB), CNBG-1 forms and commands the Naval Support Element (NSE) and is airlifted into an objective area to establish camp support, conduct ship-to-shore movement, beach party operations and debarkation operations in support of the offload of each MPF ship.CNBG-1 is also responsible for conducting Amphibious Specialty Training (PHIBSPECTRA) for all US Pacific Fleet amphibious ships. The PHIBSPECTRA Team provides in-depth training in well deck operations to prepare Expeditionary Strike Group (ESG) ships for deployment to the Western Pacific and Indian Oceans.

Units
The initial NBG-1 consisted of Headquarters Unit, Boat Unit ONE, which became Assault Craft Unit One, Amphibious Construction Battalion One, and Underwater Demolition Team One, which eventually shifted to the control of Naval Special Warfare Command. Additions to the organization have been Beachmaster Unit One (BMU-1) in 1949, Assault Craft Unit 5 (ACU-5) in 1983, and Naval Beach Unit Seven (NBU-7) in 2012. With the addition of ACU-5 came the ability to conduct over-the-horizon assaults using the swift Landing Craft Air Cushions.

History
The need for a single organization dedicated to the support of amphibious operations was recognized as a result of experience gained during the island-hopping campaigns of World War II. The decision to consolidate amphibious assault assets led to the establishment of NBG-1 in July 1948.

Korean – Vietnam service
In 1950, Detachments of NBG-1 participated in amphibious assaults at Inchon and Pohang, Korea, and shortly thereafter in the evacuation of troops from Hungnam and Inchon. Late in 1954, another NBG-1 Detachment assisted Commander Task Force 90 in the withdrawal of French Union Military Forces and 300,000 Vietnamese refugees from Haiphong, French Indochina during Operation Passage to Freedom. NBG-1 Detachments took part in the evacuation of the Chinese Nationalist Tachen Islands in 1955. NBG-1 provided equipment and personnel to assist in a scientific expedition to Danger Island in the South Pacific in conjunction with the International Geophysical Year in 1958. Since 1965, NBG-1 elements participated in many amphibious landings in Vietnam, including landings at Chu Lai, Da Nang, and near the DMZ in the Huế area. Assistance in the withdrawal of US Marine Corps personnel and equipment from Vietnam and their offload in CONUS was provided. In 1975, NBG-1 Units actively participated in the withdrawal and evacuation of Vietnamese citizens.

Recent service
In recent years, detachments from NBG-1 have participated in the Gulf War and Iraq War in the Persian Gulf, Operation Restore Hope, Operation United Shield, in Somalia. NBG-1 and its component commands engaged in supporting amphibious task force commanders in the THIRD, FIFTH and SEVENTH Fleets during Operation Unified Assistance, the humanitarian/disaster relief efforts after the tsunami that destroyed the Asian Pacific area in 2004, earthquake relief to Pakistan in 2005, wildfire assistance in Southern California, and Operation Tomodachi in Japan.Today, NBG-1 trains detachments to embark in amphibious ships, as part of an Assault Echelon, as well as deploying as the core of the Naval Support Element during Assault Follow-On Echelon operations. NBG-1 routinely participates in Fleet and Theater exercises (RIMPAC, Foal Eagle, Cobra Gold, CARAT, C/JLOTS, and Talisman Saber) and provides a wide variety of support services at NAB, Coronado. Throughout an illustrious history, from combat operations to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, NBG-1 has seamlessly operated as the unifying force of Navy and Marine Corps Team, epitomizing the traditional amphibious force motto, "United We Land”, with skill, professionalism, and dedication.

Awards
Naval Beach Group ONE was decorated by President Truman with the Presidential Unit Citation for action with First Marine Division in Korea (Inchon Landing), NBG-1 Western Pacific Detachment earned the Meritorious Unit Commendation for its efforts in Southeast Asia from 1965–1969. NBG-1 earned three Navy Unit Commendations (Operation Desert Shield, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom) and also earned the National Defense Medal (One Bronze Star), Korean Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (three Bronze Stars), Vietnam Service Medal, Southwest Asia Service Medal (two Bronze Stars), Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, United Nations Service Medal, and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia).

Notable former and current members
Jesse Iwuji

Notes
Citations

Bibliography
External links
NBG-1 WebsiteAzygophleps kovtunovitchi is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in Lesotho.


Alexander Home of North Berwick (floruit 1570–1597) was a Scottish landowner and Provost of Edinburgh.
His surname is sometimes spelled "Hume". He was a son of Patrick Home of Polwarth (d. 1578) and Elizabeth Hepburn (d. 1571) daughter of Patrick Hepburn of Waughton, and a younger brother of the courtier and poet Patrick Hume of Polwarth (d. 1599).
He obtained the lands of North Berwick priory from his younger sister Margaret Home, the last Prioress, in 1562.
The English diplomat Thomas Randolph mentioned him as a mutual friend of the envoy Nicolas Elphinstone in 1571.He joined the court of James VI in October 1580 as a gentleman of the bedchamber, and was sent as an envoy to Queen Elizabeth. At first she refused to meet him in person in response to the treatment of her ambassador Robert Bowes in Edinburgh, and her disapproval of the king's favourite Esmé Stewart, Duke of Lennox. Home was then allowed to discuss this matter, border administration, redress for losses to English pirates, and the rendition of a border reiver called Ekkie Turnbull. Lennox was said to be displeased with Elizabeth's answers and Home's efforts.In July 1592 he was made captain of Tantallon Castle.

Provost of Edinburgh
He was Provost of Edinburgh from 1593 to 1597, the leader of the town's council.
In August 1592 the "goodman of North Berwick" and other members of the Home family were said to be in Anne of Denmark's disfavour.On Tuesday, 24 July 1593 the rebel Francis Stewart, 5th Earl of Bothwell smuggled himself into Holyroodhouse and forced himself into the King's presence, in his bedchamber. Home came to the palace to help, but the king said things were fine. On 3 April 1594 he fought in a battle at Leith against the rebel Earl using the town's artillery.On 30 June 1594 Home was at North Berwick and received news that the Earl of Bothwell and his companions were in Edinburgh and their horses were nearby at Dean Mills. Home returned and captured the horses and shut the town's gates, but failed to arrest the earl.In January 1595 he captured James Scott of Balwearie an agent of the rebel earls. Around this time, Home and the English diplomat Robert Bowes took witness statements from the crew of the Bruce, a ship owned by George Bruce of Carnock which had been commandeered by English privateers off the coast of Spain and forced to take on board a number of enslaved Africans.He died on 22 July 1597. His will mentions his farm and livestock at the Mains of North Berwick. He wished to buried beside his wife who had pre-deceased him.
A letter from the king in October 1598 about a shipping case involving George Bruce of Carnock mentions he was deceased.His brother was Alexander Home, minister of Logie in Stirlingshire.


File Explorer, previously known as Windows Explorer, is a file manager application that is included with releases of the Microsoft Windows operating system from Windows 95 onwards. It provides a graphical user interface for accessing the file systems. It is also the component of the operating system that presents many user interface items on the screen such as the taskbar and desktop. Controlling the computer is possible without Windows Explorer running (for example, the File ▸ Run command in Task Manager on NT-derived versions of Windows will function without it, as will commands typed in a command prompt window).

Overview
Windows Explorer was first included with Windows 95 as a replacement for File Manager, which came with all versions of Windows 3.x operating systems. Explorer could be accessed by double-clicking the new My Computer desktop icon or launched from the new Start Menu that replaced the earlier Program Manager. There is also a shortcut key combination: Windows key+E. Successive versions of Windows (and in some cases, Internet Explorer) introduced new features and capabilities, removed other features, and generally progressed from being a simple file system navigation tool into a task-based file management system.
While "Windows Explorer" or "File Explorer" is a term most commonly used to describe the file management aspect of the operating system, the Explorer process also houses the operating system's search functionality and File Type associations (based on filename extensions), and is responsible for displaying the desktop icons, the Start Menu, the Taskbar, and the Control Panel. Collectively, these features are known as the Windows shell.
After a user logs in, the explorer process is created by the userinit process. Userinit performs some initialization of the user environment (such as running the login script and applying group policies) and then looks in the registry at the Shell value and creates a process to run the system-defined shell – by default, Explorer.exe. Then Userinit exits. This is why Explorer.exe is shown by various process explorers with no parent – its parent has exited.

History
In 1995, Microsoft first released test versions of a shell refresh, named the Shell Technology Preview, and often referred to informally as "NewShell". The update was designed to replace the Windows 3.x Program Manager/File Manager based shell with Windows Explorer. The release provided capabilities quite similar to that of the Windows "Chicago" (codename for Windows 95) shell during its late beta phases, however was intended to be nothing more than a test release. There were two public releases of the Shell Technology Preview, made available to MSDN and CompuServe users: May 26, 1995 and August 8, 1995. Both held Windows Explorer builds of 3.51.1053.1. The Shell Technology Preview program never saw a final release under NT 3.51. The entire program was moved across to the Cairo development group who finally integrated the new shell design into the NT code with the release of NT 4.0 in July 1996.

Windows 98 and Windows Desktop Update
With the release of the Windows Desktop Update (packaged with Internet Explorer 4 as an optional component, and included in Windows 98), Windows Explorer became "integrated" with Internet Explorer, most notably with the addition of navigation arrows (back and forward) for moving between recently visited directories, as well as Internet Explorer's Favorites menu.
An address bar was also added to Windows Explorer, which a user could type in directory paths directly, and be taken to that folder.
Another feature that was based on Internet Explorer technology was customized folders. Such folders contained a hidden web page that controlled the way the Windows Explorer displayed the contents of the folder.

Windows ME and Windows 2000
The "Web-style" folders view, with the left Explorer pane displaying details for the object currently selected, is turned on by default. For certain file types, such as pictures and media files, a preview is also displayed in the left pane. The Windows 2000 Explorer featured an interactive media player as the previewer for sound and video files. However, such a previewer can be enabled in Windows ME through the use of folder customization templates. Windows Explorer in Windows 2000 and Windows ME allows for custom thumbnail previewers and tooltip handlers. The default file tooltip displays file title, author, subject and comments; this metadata may be read from a special NTFS stream, if the file is on an NTFS volume, or from a COM Structured Storage stream, if the file is a structured storage document. All Microsoft Office documents since Office 95 make use of structured storage, so their metadata is displayable in the Windows 2000 Explorer default tooltip. File shortcuts can also store comments which are displayed as a tooltip when the mouse hovers over the shortcut.
The right-hand pane, which usually just lists files and folders, can also be customized. For example, the contents of the system folders aren't displayed by default, instead showing in the right pane a warning to the user that modifying the contents of the system folders could harm their computer. It's possible to define additional Explorer panes by using DIV elements in folder template files. This feature was abused by computer viruses that employed malicious scripts, Java applets, or ActiveX controls in folder template files as their infection vector. Two such viruses are VBS/Roor-C and VBS.Redlof.a.Other Explorer UI elements that can be customized include columns in "Details" view, icon overlays, and search providers: the new DHTML-based search pane is integrated into Windows 2000 Explorer, unlike the separate search dialog found in all previous Explorer versions.Search capabilities were added, offering full-text searches of documents, with options to filter by date (including arbitrary ranges like "modified within the last week"), size, and file type. The Indexing Service has also been integrated into the operating system and the search pane built into Explorer allows searching files indexed by its database. The ability to customize the standard buttons was also added.

Windows XP and Windows Server 2003
There were significant changes made to Windows Explorer in Windows XP, both visually and functionally. Microsoft focused especially on making Explorer more discoverable and task-based, as well as adding several new features to reflect the growing use of a computer as a digital hub.
Windows Explorer in Windows Server 2003 contains all the same features as Windows XP, but the task panes and search companion are disabled by default.

Task pane
The task pane is displayed on the left-hand side of the window instead of the traditional folder tree view. It presents the user with a list of common actions and destinations that are relevant to the current directory or file(s) selected. For instance, when in a directory containing mostly pictures, a set of "Picture tasks" is shown, offering the options to display these pictures as a slide show, to print them out, or to go online to order prints. Conversely, a folder containing music files would offer options to play those files in a media player or to go online to purchase music. Windows XP had a Media bar but it was removed with SP1. The Media Bar was only available with Windows XP RTM.
Every folder also has "File and Folder Tasks", offering options to create new folders, share a folder on the local network, publish files or folders to a website, and other common tasks like copying, renaming, moving, and deleting files or folders. File types that have identified themselves as being printable also have an option listed to print the file.
Underneath "Other Places" is a "Details" pane which gives additional information – typically file size and date, but depending on the file type, a thumbnail preview, author, image dimensions, or other details.
The "Folders" button on the Windows Explorer toolbar toggles between the traditional tree view of folders, and the task pane. Users can get rid of the task pane or restore it using the sequence: Tools – Folder Options – General – Show Common Tasks/Use Windows Classic Folders.

Search companion
Microsoft introduced animated "Search Companions" in an attempt to make searching more engaging and friendly; the default character is a puppy named Rover (previously used in Microsoft Bob), with three other characters (Merlin the magician, Earl the surfer, and Courtney) also available. These search companions use the same technology as Microsoft Office's Office Assistants, even incorporating "tricks" and sound effects, and they can be used as Office Assistants if their files are copied into the C:\Windows\msagent\chars folder.The search capability itself is fairly similar to Windows ME and Windows 2000, with one major addition: Search can also be instructed to search only files that are categorical "Documents" or "Pictures, music and video"; this feature is noteworthy largely because of how Windows determines what types of files can be classified under these categories. In order to maintain a relevant list of file types, Windows Explorer connects to Microsoft and downloads a set of XML files that define what these file types are. The Search Companion can be disabled in favor of the classic search pane used in Windows 2000 by using the Tweak UI applet from Microsoft's PowerToys for Windows XP, or by manually editing the registry.

Image handling
Windows XP improves image preview in Explorer by offering a Filmstrip view. "Back" and "Previous" buttons facilitate navigation through the pictures, and a pair of "Rotate" buttons offer 90-degree clockwise and counter-clockwise (lossy) rotation of images. Aside from the Filmstrip view mode, there is a 'Thumbnails' mode, which displays thumbnail-sized images in the folder. A Folder containing images will also show thumbnails of four of the images from that folder overlaid on top of a large folder icon.

Web publishing
Web sites that offer image hosting services can be plugged into Windows Explorer, which the user can use to select images on their computer, and have them uploaded correctly without dealing with comparatively complex solutions involving FTP or web interfaces.

Other changes
Explorer gained the ability to understand the metadata of a number of types of files. For example, with images from a digital camera, the Exif information can be viewed, both in the Properties pages for the photo itself, as well as via optional additional Details View columns.
A Tile view mode was added, which displays the file's icon in a larger size (48 × 48), and places the file name, descriptive type, and additional information (typically the file size for data files, and the publisher name for applications) to the right.
The Details view also presented an additional option called "Show in Groups" which allows the Explorer to separate its contents by headings based on the field which is used to sort the items.
The taskbar can be locked to prevent it from accidentally being moved.
Windows Explorer also gained the ability to burn CDs and DVD-RAM discs in Windows XP.
Ability to create and open ZIP files called "compressed folders".
Ability to open Cabined (.cab) files.
If a .htm or .html file is copied or moved, the accompanying _files suffix folder is copied or moved among it automatically.

Removed and changed features
The sort order has changed compared to the one in Windows 2000. For file names containing numbers Windows Explorer now tries to sort based on numerical value rather than just comparing each number digit by digit.

Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008
Search, organizing and metadata
Windows Explorer includes significant changes from previous versions of Windows such as improved filtering, sorting, grouping and stacking. Combined with integrated desktop search, Windows Explorer allows users to find and organize their files in new ways, such as stacks. The new Stacks viewing mode groups files according to the criterion specified by the user. Stacks can be clicked to filter the files shown in Windows Explorer. There is also the ability to save searches as virtual folders or search folders. A search folder is simply an XML file, which stores the query in a form that can be used by the Windows search subsystem. When accessed, the search is executed and the results are aggregated and presented as a virtual folder. Windows Vista includes six search folders by default: recent documents, recent e-mail, recent music, recent pictures and videos, recent changed, and "Shared by Me". Additionally, search operators for properties were introduced, such as kind:music.  Since at least Windows 7, comparison operators "greater than" and "less than" are supported to search for any supported attribute such as date ranges and file sizes, like size:>100MB to search for all files that are greater than 100MB. Attributes sortable and searchable in Windows Explorer include pictures' dimensions, Exif data such as aperture and exposure, video duration and framerate and width.When sorting items, the sort order no longer remains consistently Ascending or Descending. Each property has a preferred sort direction. For example, sort by date defaults to descending order, as does size. But name and type default to ascending order.
Searching for files containing a given text string became problematic with Vista unless the files had been indexed. An alternative is to use the findstr command-line function. After right-clicking on a folder one can open a command-line prompt in that folder.
Windows Explorer also contains modifications in the visualization of files on a computer. A new addition to Windows Explorer in Vista and Server 2008 is the details pane, which displays metadata and information relating to the currently selected file or folder. The details pane will also display a thumbnail of the file or an icon of the filetype if the file does not contain visual information. Furthermore, different imagery is overlaid on thumbnails to give more information about the file, such as a picture frame around the thumbnail of an image file, or a filmstrip on a video file.

The details pane also allows for the change of some textual metadata such as author and title in files that support them within Windows Explorer. A new type of metadata called tags allows users to add descriptive terms to documents for easier categorization and retrieval. Some files support open metadata, allowing users to define new types of metadata for their files. Out-of-the-box, Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 supports Microsoft Office documents and most audio and video files. Support for other file types can however be added by writing specialized software to retrieve the metadata at the shell's request. Metadata stored in a file's alternate data stream only on NTFS volumes cannot be viewed and edited through the summary tab of the file's properties anymore. Instead, all metadata is stored inside the file, so that it will always travel with the file and not be dependent on the file system.

Layout and icons
Windows Explorer in Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 also introduces a new layout. The task panes from Windows XP are replaced with a toolbar on top and a navigation pane on the left. The navigation pane contains commonly accessed folders and preconfigured search folders. Eight different views are available to view files and folders, including extra large, large, medium, small, list, details, tiles, and content. In addition, column headers now appear in all icon viewing modes, unlike Windows XP where they only appear in the details icon viewing mode. File and folder actions such as cut, copy, paste, undo, redo, delete, rename and properties are built into a dropdown menu which appears when the Organize button is clicked. It is also possible to change the layout of the Explorer window by using the Organize button. Users can select whether to display classic menus, a search pane, a preview pane, a reading pane, and the navigation pane. The preview pane enables users to preview files (e.g., documents or media files) without opening them. If an application, such as Office 2007, installs preview handlers for file types, then these files can also be edited within the preview pane itself.Windows Vista saw the introduction of the breadcrumb bar for easier navigation. As opposed to the prior address bar which displayed the current folder in a simple editable combobox, this new style structures the path into clickable levels of folder hierarchy (though falls back to the classic edit mode when a blank area is clicked), enabling the user to skip as many levels as desired in one click rather than repeatedly clicking "Up". It is also possible to navigate to any subfolder of the current folder using the arrow to the right of the last item. The menu bar is now hidden by default but reappears temporarily when the user presses Alt.
Check boxes in Windows Explorer allow the selection of multiple files. Free and used space on all drives is shown in horizontal indicator bars. Icons of various sizes are supported: 16 x 16, 24 x 24, 32 x 32, 48 x 48, 64 x 64, 96 x 96, 128 x 128 and 256 x 256. Windows Explorer can zoom the icons in and out using a slider or by holding down the Ctrl key and using the mouse scrollwheel. Live icons can display the content of folders and files themselves rather than generic icons.

Other changes
With the release of Windows Vista and Server 2008 and Windows Internet Explorer 7 for Windows XP, Internet Explorer is no longer integrated with Windows Explorer. In Windows Vista and Server 2008 (and in Windows XP as well if IE7 or 8 is installed), Windows Explorer no longer displays web pages, and IE7 does not support use as a file manager, although one will separately launch the other as necessary.
When moving or copying files from one folder to another, if two files have the same name, an option is now available to rename the file; in previous versions of Windows, the user was prompted to choose either a replacement or cancel moving the file. Also, when renaming a file, Explorer only highlights the filename without selecting the extension. Renaming multiple files is quicker as pressing Tab automatically renames the existing file or folder and opens the file name text field for the next file for renaming. Shift+Tab allows renaming in the same manner upwards.
Support for burning data on DVDs (DVD±R, DVD±R DL, DVD±R RW) in addition to CDs and DVD-RAM using version 2.0 of the Image Mastering API, as well as Live File System support was added.If a file is in use by another application, Windows Explorer tells users to close the application and retry the file operation. Also, a new interface IFileIsInUse is introduced into the API which developers can use to let other applications switch to the main window of the application that has the file open or simply close the file from the "File in Use" dialog. If the running application exposes these operations by means of the IFileIsInUse interface, Windows Explorer, upon encountering a locked file, allows the user to close the file or switch to the application from the dialog box itself.Windows Vista introduced precluded support for the Media Transfer Protocol.

Removed and changed features
The ability to customize the layout and buttons on the toolbars has been removed in Windows Vista's Explorer, as has the ability to add a password to a zip file (compressed folder). The Toolbar button in Explorer to go up one folder from the current folder has been removed (the function still exists however, one can move up a folder by pressing Alt + ↑). Although still fully available from the menus and keyboard shortcuts, toolbar buttons for Cut, Copy, Paste, Undo, Delete, Properties and some others are no longer available. The Menu Bar is also hidden by default but is still available by pressing the Alt key or changing its visibility in the layout options. Several other features are removed such as showing the size on the status bar without selecting items, storing metadata in NTFS alternate data streams, the IColumnProvider interface which allowed addition of custom columns to Explorer and folder background customization using desktop.ini.
The option "Managing pairs of Web pages and folders" is also removed, and the user has no way of telling Vista that a .html file and the folder with the same name that was created when saving a complete web page from IE should be treated separately, that is, they cannot delete the folder without deleting the html file as well.The ability to right-click a folder and hit "Search" was removed in Windows Vista Service Pack 1. Users must open the folder they wish to search in and enter their keywords in the search field located on the top right corner of the window. Alternatively, users can specify other search parameters through the "Advanced Search" UI, which can be accessed by clicking on the Organize Bar and selecting Search Pane under the Layout submenu. Pressing F3 also opens the "Advanced Search" interface.

Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2
Libraries
Windows Explorer in Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 supports libraries, virtual folders described in a .library-ms file that aggregates content from various locations – including shared folders on networked systems if the shared folder has been indexed by the host system – and present them in a unified view. Searching in a library automatically federates the query to the remote systems, in addition to searching on the local system, so that files on the remote systems are also searched. Unlike search folders, Libraries are backed by a physical location which allows files to be saved in the libraries. Such files are transparently saved in the backing physical folder. The default save location for a library may be configured by the user, as can the default view layout for each library. Libraries are generally stored in the libraries special folder, which allows them to be displayed on the navigation pane.
By default, a new user account in Windows 7 contains four libraries, for different file types: Documents, Music, Pictures, and Videos. They are configured to include the user's profile folders for these respective file types, as well as the computer's corresponding Public folders.
In addition to aggregating multiple storage locations, Libraries enable Arrangement Views and Search Filter Suggestions. Arrangement Views allow users to pivot their views of the library's contents based on metadata. For example, selecting the "By Month" view in the Pictures library will display photos in stacks, where each stack represents a month of photos based on the date they were taken. In the Music library, the "By Artist" view will display stacks of albums from the artists in their collections, and browsing into an artist stack will then display the relevant albums.
Search Filter Suggestions are a new feature of the Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 Explorer's search box. When the user clicks in the search box, a menu shows up below it showing recent searches as well as suggested Advanced Query Syntax filters that the user can type. When one is selected (or typed in manually), the menu will update to show the possible values to filter by for that property, and this list is based on the current location and other parts of the query already typed. For example, selecting the "tags" filter or typing "tags:" into the search box will display the list of possible tag values which will return search results.
The metadata written within the file, implemented in Vista, is also utilized in Windows 7. This can sometimes lead to long wait times displaying the contents of a folder. For example, if a folder contains many large video files totaling hundreds of gigabytes, and the Window Explorer pane is in Details view mode showing a property contained within the metadata (for example Date, Length, Frame Height), Windows Explorer might have to search the contents of the whole file for the meta data. Some damaged files can cause a prolonged delay as well. This is due to metadata information being able to be placed anywhere within the file, beginning, middle, or end, necessitating a search of the whole file. Lengthy delays also occur when displaying the contents of a folder with many different types of program icons. The icon is contained in the metadata. Some programs cause the activation of a virus scan when retrieving the icon information from the metadata, hence producing a lengthy delay.Arrangement Views and Search Filter Suggestions are database-backed features that require that all locations in the Library be indexed by the Windows Search service. Local disk locations must be indexed by the local indexer, and Windows Explorer will automatically add locations to the indexing scope when they are included in a library. Remote locations can be indexed by the indexer on another Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 machine, on a Windows machine running Windows Search 4 (such as Windows Vista or Windows Home Server), or on another device that implements the MS-WSP remote query protocol.

Federated search
Windows Explorer also supports federating search to external data sources, such as custom databases or web services, that are exposed over the web and described via an OpenSearch definition. The federated location description (called a Search Connector) is provided as a .osdx file. Once installed, the data source becomes queryable directly from Windows Explorer. Windows Explorer features, such as previews and thumbnails, work with the results of a federated search as well.

Other changes
Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 support showing icons in the context menu and creating cascaded context menus with static verbs in submenus using the Registry instead of a shell extension.
The search box in the Explorer window and the address bar can be resized.
Certain folders in the navigation pane can be hidden to reduce clutter.
Progress bars and overlay icons on an application's button on the taskbar.
Content view which shows thumbnails and metadata.
Buttons to toggle the preview pane and create a new folder.

Removed or changed features
In Windows 7, several features have been removed from Windows Explorer, including the collapsible folder pane, overlay icon for shared items, remembering individual folder window sizes and positions, free disk space on the status bar, icons on the command bar, ability to disable Auto Arrange and Align to Grid, sortable column headings in other views except details view, ability to disable full row selection in details view, automatic horizontal scrolling and scrollbar in the navigation pane and maintaining selection when sorting from the Edit menu.

Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012
The file manager on Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012 is renamed File Explorer and introduces new features such as a redesigned interface incorporating a ribbon toolbar, and a redesigned file operation dialog that displays more detailed progress and allows for file operations to be paused and resumed. The details pane from Windows Vista and 7 was removed and replaced with a narrower pane with no icons and fewer detail columns. But other details are displayed by hovering over the file's name.

Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016
The icons in File Explorer have been redesigned. They are flatter and simpler in design. The window border padding is thinner than previous versions. Windows 10 Creators Update and later versions come with a new Universal File Explorer (also known as the UWP File Explorer). Although hidden, it can be opened by creating a shortcut pointing to "explorer shell:AppsFolder\c5e2524a-ea46-4f67-841f-6a9465d9d515_cw5n1h2txyewy!App"

Windows 10, version 1809 and Windows Server 2019
A "dark mode" has been added to File Explorer in Windows 10, version 1809 and Windows Server 2019. The Universal File Explorer also includes new features.

Windows 10, version 1909
Windows Search and OneDrive have been integrated into File Explorer's search feature in Windows 10, version 1909.

Windows 11
In Windows 11, the File Explorer has undergone significant design revisions, with the ribbon interface introduced with Windows 8 being replaced with a new command bar. Translucency, shadows, and rounded geometry have also been added, following the Fluent Design System.

Extensibility
File Explorer can be extended to support non-default functionality by means of Windows shell extensions, which are COM objects that plug the extended functionality into Windows Explorer. Shell extensions can be in the form of shell extension handlers, toolbars or even namespace extensions that allow certain folders (or even non-filesystem objects such as the images scanned by a scanner) to be presented as a special folder. File Explorer also allows metadata for files to be added as NTFS alternate data streams, separate from the data stream for the file.
Shell extension handlers are queried by the shell beforehand for modifying the action the shell takes. They can be associated on a per file type – where they will show up only when a particular action takes place on a particular file type – or on a global basis – which are always available. The shell supports the following extension handlers:

Namespace extensions are used by Explorer and Common Dialogs to either display some data – which are not necessarily persisted as files – in a folder-like view or to present data in a way that is different from their organization on the file system. This feature can be exploited by a any hierarchical data source that can be represented as a file system like the Windows one, including Cloud-based implementation. Special folders, such as My Computer and Network Places in Windows Explorer are implemented this way, as are Explorer views that let items in a mobile phone or digital camera be explored. Source-control systems that use Explorer to browse source repositories also use Namespace extensions to allow Explorer to browse the revisions. To implement a namespace extension, the IPersistFolder, IShellView, IShellFolder, IShellBrowser and IOleWindow interfaces need to be implemented and registered. The implementation needs to provide the logic for navigating the data store as well as describing the presentation. Windows Explorer will instantiate the COM objects as required.While Windows Explorer natively exposes the extensibility points as COM interfaces, .NET Framework can also be used to write some types of extensions, using the COM Interop functionality of .NET Framework. While Microsoft itself makes available extensions – such as the photo info tool – which are authored using .NET Framework, they currently recommend against writing managed shell extensions, as only one instance of the CLR (prior to version 4.0) can be loaded per-process. This behavior will cause conflicts if multiple managed add-ins, targeting different versions of the CLR, are attempted to be run simultaneously.

See also
Comparison of file managers
List of alternative shells for Windows

Notes and references
External links
Sullivan, Kent. "The Windows 95 User Interface: A Case Study in Usability Engineering" (1996) for Association for Computing Machinery. (Sullivan was a developer on the Windows 95 UI team)
How To Customize the Windows Explorer Views in Windows XP
MSDN: Creating Shell Extension Handlers, Windows Dev Center, May 31, 2018
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Writing Shell Extensions, by Michal Dunn, March 15, 2006
Namespace extensions – the undocumented Windows Shell, by Henk Devos, November 30, 1999Seven Years of Good Luck (German: Sieben Jahre Glück) is a 1942 German comedy film directed by Ernst Marischka and starring Wolf Albach-Retty, Theo Lingen and Hans Moser. It is a sequel to the 1940 film Seven Years Hard Luck.It was shot at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome. The film's sets were designed by the art director Piero Filippone. A separate Italian version Seven Years of Happiness was also released.

Cast
In alphabetical order

Wolf Albach-Retty as Heinz Kersten
Theo Lingen as Paul Griebling
Hans Moser as Dr. August Teisinger
Rio Nobile
Elli Parvo as Melitta
Hannelore Schroth as Hella Jüttner
Oskar Sima

References
Bibliography
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
Von Dassanowsky, Robert. Austrian Cinema. McFarland & Co, 2005.

External links
Seven Years of Good Luck at IMDbIn the run up to the 2023 Spanish local elections, various organisations carry out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in local entities in Spain. Results of such polls for municipalities in Aragon are displayed in this article. The date range for these opinion polls is from the previous local elections, held on 26 May 2019, to the day the next elections will be held, on 28 May 2023.
Polls are listed in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" columns on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a given poll.

Municipalities
Huesca
Teruel
Zaragoza


The Vavilov State Optical Institute in St Petersburg, Russia (named after Sergey Ivanovich Vavilov) is the largest research institute in optics in Russia.  It works both in pure and applied optics, and has a high reputation in the field of holography.
It was established in 1918 along the lines of a proposal by the physicist Dimitri Rozhdestvensky, who was the first director, a post he held until 1932.It is part of the Shvabe holding.It designs optical systems (Froptas In German) for many applications, including Russian reconnaissance satellites. It publishes the Journal of Optical Technology (Научно-технический «ОПТИЧЕСКИЙ ЖУРНАЛ»).Institution also known for developing of GOI polishing paste.

References
External links
Vavilov State Optical InstituteEnayati-ye Bala (Persian: عنايتي بالا, also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī-ye Bālā) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 433, in 65 families.


Decoration Days in Southern Appalachia and Liberia are a living tradition of group ancestor veneration observances which arose by the 19th century. The tradition was subsequently preserved in various regions of the United States, particularly in Utah Mormon culture. While Decoration practices are localized and can be unique to individual families, cemeteries, and communities, common elements unify the various Decoration Day practices and are thought to represent syncretism of Christian cultures in 19th century Southern Appalachia with pre-Christian influences from the British Isles and Africa. Appalachian and Liberian cemetery decoration traditions pre-date the United States Memorial Day holiday (which was once also officially known as Decoration Day).Appalachian, Utahn and Liberian cemetery decoration traditions have more in common with one another than with United States Memorial Day traditions which are focused on honoring the military dead. In the United States, cemetery decoration practices have been recorded in the Appalachian regions of West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, northern South Carolina, northern Georgia, northern and central Alabama, northern Mississippi, and the Rocky Mountain regions of Utah.  Cemetery decoration has also been observed along routes of westward migration from that region: northern Louisiana, northeastern Texas, Arkansas, eastern Oklahoma, and southern Missouri. The Utah tradition, dating back to the 19th century, has diffuse cultural origins, including roots in the English and Welsh origins of many early Mormon immigrants to the region.According to scholars Alan and Karen Jabbour, "the geographic spread ... from the Smokies to northeastern Texas and Liberia, offer strong evidence that the southern Decoration Day originated well back in the nineteenth century. The presence of the same cultural tradition throughout the Upland South argues for the age of the tradition, which was carried westward (and eastward to Africa) by nineteenth-century migration and has survived in essentially the same form till the present."

Cemetery decoration in Appalachia and the Rocky Mountain region
According to the Dictionary of Smoky Mountain English, a Decoration or Decoration Day in Appalachia is "an occasion on which a family or church congregation gathers on a Sunday to place flowers on the graves of loved ones and to hold a memorial service for them. Traditionally this involved singing and dinner on the ground as well as a religious service." Decoration Days for particular cemeteries are held on Sundays in late spring or early summer. Decoration Day in Appalachia and in the Rocky Mountain regions of Utah has the character of an extended family reunion to which people travel hundreds of miles to clean and decorate graves as well as renew contacts with relatives and others. There often is a religious service and a picnic-like dinner on the grounds, the traditional term for a potluck meal at a cemetery or church.
The cemetery, seen as an integrated whole on or after Decoration Day in the Appalachians, is a compelling panoramic canvas – a strikingly beautiful folk art created by communities together over time... art capable of breathtaking beauty and expressing powerfully the deepest values of Appalachian culture.

Decoration Day practices are often specific to individual families and can incorporate ritualistic elements. By 1933, Elizabeth Hooker's research into regional religious institutions and practices found that cemetery decoration was ubiquitous throughout the Appalachian Highlands and noted that "few churches fail to have such an event once a year"One approach that is used by families and communities that no longer live near a cemetery is to establish cemetery committees and a charitable trust which may include a financial endowment to pay for ongoing maintenance costs.

Cemetery decoration in Liberia
Decoration Day is a national holiday in Liberia, a nation which was settled starting in 1822 by free and formerly enslaved African Americans. Decoration Day was designated a national holiday and set as the second Wednesday in March by an Act approved on October 24, 1916.
So important are Decoration Day traditions that during the Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia it became essential for the Liberian government, the World Health Organization and other medical aid agencies to adapt Ebola protocols to fit within this cultural context: "The prospect of not having a location to visit or a grave to 'clean' by cutting the grass and laying wreaths on the national holiday of 'Decoration Day' was deeply disturbing, as was the idea that unfulfilled obligations to the dead could result in a lifetime of misfortune for the living." In addition to revising protocols for treatment of the bodies of the dead, authorities also created emergency policies affecting the homecoming and false burial traditions due to large groups people assembling who were at risk of contracting the disease.

Geographic spread of Appalachian cemetery decoration
In addition to being observed in Appalachia and Liberia, Decoration Day customs spread and became localized along the routes of nineteenth-century migration pattern westward from the Appalachian Mountains. Additional lines of spread came from Welsh traditions, particular among Mormon immigrants in Utah. While these customs may have associated in part with social rituals to honor military dead, numerous differences exist between Decoration Day customs and Memorial Day, including that the date is set differently by each family or church for each cemetery to coordinate the maintenance, social, and spiritual aspects of decoration. Currently, the end of May and the national holiday of Memorial Day has been accepted as the most common day of celebration in the USA.

Ritual elements
Group observances
Decoration Day practices are distinguished from other Appalachian and Liberian cemetery decoration practices and observances honoring the dead in that Decoration Day observances are focused on a single shared date when people gather in the cemetery.

Cleaning and decoration
In the context of cemetery decoration, "cleaning" refers the process of removing overgrown plants and debris from the cemetery as well as other general maintenance to the grounds. Cleaning also refers to the process of preparing individual grave sites for decoration, such as remounding graves.

Grave painting
Concrete graves and crypts are common in Liberia, where decoration rituals therefore often include annual whitewashing or repainting the concrete.

Mounded graves
Traditionally, cemeteries in Southern Appalachia featured mounded graves and scraped, grassless ground. These cemetery features are characteristic of the Upland South Cemetery Complex. Today, Appalachian cemeteries can also be landscaped with grass without mounded graves.

Flowers
According to the Mitchell County Historical Society, "[f]resh flowers were used in earlier times and are considered the best. Homemade crepe paper flowers were later used, and now artificial flowers are mainly used for decorating. Flowers can be placed on graves in any number of ways, including creating attractive patterns." Floral wreaths are common in both Appalachian and Liberian grave decoration.

Grave tokens
Decoration can also include the placing of tokens at individual graves. Tokens are often personal or household items significant to the relationship between the person who places the token and the deceased. Examples include shoes, dishware, knives, and items bearing inscriptions.

Festivities
Homecomings and family reunions
In Appalachia and Liberia, the term homecoming is widely, although not exclusively, used to describe the tradition of families who have migrated away to hosting a family reunion at the cemetery as part of the decoration festivities.

Food and drink
Food is a common element in many cemetery decoration traditions. In Appalachia, it is common to refer to a "Dinner on the Ground" which is generally a potluck meal offered at the cemetery site. Many cemeteries feature tables or covered areas for these meals. In Liberia, a common tradition is to offer libation, the pouring an alcoholic beverage over the dead.

Music and singing
Singing is also common across Decoration Day traditions. The Sacred Harp style of music was formerly popular in Appalachia on some Decoration Days.

Funeralizing and false burials
Appalachian and Liberian decoration rituals often incorporate the retelling of the life of people who have been interred in the cemetery. In Appalachia this practice of often referred to as funeralizing. In Liberia, this practice is referred to as false burial and, like funeralizing, is characterized by first burying the body immediately and then planning a larger memorial service during a cemetery decoration. In both Appalachia and Liberia, these practices have the practical benefit of allowing people who live far away to participate in funeral rituals. In some parts of Liberia, false burial is particularly associated with festivities and rituals that incorporate dancing.

Criers
In some Liberian cemeteries including Monrovia's Palm Grove Cemetery, decoration rituals require groups of "criers" to commemorate the lives of those who have been buried. Such is the importance of the criers that people are available for hire to cry for dead relatives.

Possible antecedents
Cemetery Sunday
Cemetery Sunday (also sometimes referred to as Blessing of the Graves) is an annual Roman Catholic observance on which a priest blesses the graves in the local cemetery and leads parishioners in devotions or celebrates Mass. These rituals are also celebrated in Protestant and non-denominational cemeteries in Ireland. Parishioners prepare by cleaning family graves and -- in some traditions -- decorating the graves. Grave decorations have historically incorporated flowers as well as crafts and mementos. Scholar Barbara Graham connects Cemetery Sunday traditions to the Decoration Day traditions of Appalachia and Liberia as many Irish and Scotch-Irish refugees and other immigrants from Ireland settled in Central and Southern Appalachia.

Flowering Sunday
In southern Wales and nearby portions of England, Palm Sunday is called 'Sul y Blodau' ('Flowering Sunday') and it is traditional to decorate graves with flowers on that day, especially in the industrial towns and villages. Scholars Alan and Karen Jabbour have postulated that Flowering Sunday might be connected to Appalachian cemetery decoration traditions.
Welsh cemetery cleaning and decoration traditions may have begun as an Easter celebration or seasonal rite before becoming more commonly associated with Palm Sunday. As early as 1786, cleaning and flower decorations were attested by William Matthews during a tour of South Wales. Richard Warner attested in 1797 "the ornamenting of the graves of the deceased with various plants and flowers, at certain seasons, by the surviving relatives" and noted that Easter was the most popular time for this tradition. By 1803, Malkin's observations reflect the shift away predominantly associating the custom with Easter:

It is very common to dress the graves on Whitsunday and other festivals, when flowers are to be procured.  The stones at each end of the grave are whitened with lime every Christmas, Easter and Whitsun. … In the Easter week most generally the graves are newly dressed, and manured with fresh earth, when such flowers or ever-greens as may be wanted or wished for are planted. In the Whitsuntide Holidays, or rather the preceding week, the graves are again looked after, weeded, and otherwise dressed, or, if necessary, planted again.
Peter Roberts characterized these practices in 1815: "In many parts, and especially in South Wales, the friends of the deceased take much and laudable pains to deck the grave with flowers. A bordering of slate or stones, is nicely run around it, and the top bound in by stones, laid with taste, in a tessellated manner, which has an ornamental effect..."By 1839, Charles Redwood referred to this tradition of cleaning and decorating graves on Palm Sunday as the "old custom": "All the village were there, engaged, after the old custom, in trimming and adorning the graves of their deceased relatives. Some were raising the sides with fresh turf, and putting fresh earth upon the surface; and others whitewashed the stones at the ends; while the women planted rosemary and rue, and the girls brought baskets of spring flowers, crocuses, daffodils and primroses, which were placed in somewhat fantastic figures upon all the graves."

Parallels from other cultures
Feralia
Ferālia was an ancient Roman public festival  celebrating the Manes (Roman spirits of the dead, particularly the souls of deceased individuals) Ovid records as being held on 21 February his Fasti. Feralia day marked the end of Parentalia, a nine-day festival (13–21 February) honoring the dead ancestors. Roman citizens brought offerings to the tombs of ancestors which consisted of at least "an arrangement of wreaths, a sprinkling of grain and a bit of salt, bread soaked in wine and violets scattered about." Additional offerings were permitted, however the dead were appeased with just the aforementioned.

Day of the Dead
The Day of the Dead (Spanish: Día de Muertos) is a Mexican holiday celebrated throughout Mexico, in particular the Central and South regions, and by people of Mexican heritage elsewhere. The multi-day holiday involves family and friends gathering to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died, and helping support their spiritual journey. In Mexican culture, death is viewed as a natural part of the human cycle. Mexicans view it not as a day of sadness but as a day of celebration because their loved ones awake and celebrate with them. In 2008, the tradition was inscribed in the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.

Radonitsa
Radonitsa (Russian Радоница, "Day of Rejoicing"), also spelled Radunitsa, Radonica, or Radunica, in the Russian Orthodox Church is a commemoration of the departed observed on the second Tuesday of Pascha (Easter) or, in some places (in south-west Russia), on the second Monday of Pascha. The Slavs, like many ancient peoples, had a tradition of visiting family members' graves during the springtime and feasting together with them. After their conversion to Christianity, this custom transferred into the Russian Orthodox Church as the festival of Radonitsa, the name of which comes from the Slavic word "radost'", meaning "joy." In Kievan Rus' the local name is "Krasnaya Gorka" (Красная горка, "Beautiful Hill"), and has the same meaning.

Bon Festival
Obon (お盆) or just Bon (盆) is a Japanese Buddhist custom to honor the spirits of one's ancestors. This Buddhist-Confucian custom has evolved into a family reunion holiday during which people return to ancestral family places and visit and clean their ancestors' graves, and when the spirits of ancestors are supposed to revisit the household altars. It has been celebrated in Japan for more than 500 years and traditionally includes a dance, known as Bon Odori.

Qingming Festival

The Qingming or Ching Ming festival, also known as Tomb-Sweeping Day in English (sometimes also called Chinese Memorial Day or Ancestors' Day), is a traditional Chinese festival observed by the Han Chinese of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand. It falls on the first day of the fifth solar term of the traditional Chinese lunisolar calendar. This makes it the 15th day after the Spring Equinox, either 4 or 5 April in a given year. During Qingming, Chinese families visit the tombs of their ancestors to clean the gravesites, pray to their ancestors, and make ritual offerings. Offerings would typically include traditional food dishes, and the burning of joss sticks and joss paper.


Gunther Jozef Hofmans (born 3 January 1967) is a former Belgian professional footballer who spent his entire career in Belgium playing as an attacking midfielder and striker for Germinal Ekeren and Germinal Beerschot. He also represented the Belgium national team, winning one cap. He currently works as a team manager for Royal Antwerp, since 2011, having previously worked in the same position, at one of his previous clubs, Germinal Beerschot, from 2008 to 2011.

Club career
Hofmans started his career at youth club KFC Ranst, where he played from 1975 to 1984. He then joined Racing Mechelen in 1984, before moving to FC Nijlen the following year.
Hofmans began playing on senior level in 1986, after completing a move to Germinal Ekeren, who were playing in the Belgian Third Division. In the 1987–88 season, he scored 17 goals for Ekeren as they were promoted to the second division following a second place behind Stade Leuven.
In the 1988–89 season, Hofmans made a total of 30 league appearances, scoring thirteen times for the Antwerp team, under Albert Bers as manager, as they were crowned winners that season, thus achieving promotion to the highest division. Hofmans helped Germinal Ekeren reach the final of the 1989–90 Belgian Cup, where he scored the equalising goal as they suffered a 1–2 defeat to RFC Liège. Ekeren reached the final of the cup again in the following season, where they won 4–2 against Anderlecht, with Hofmans netting the fourth goal.
Following Ekeren's participation in the 1997–98 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, Hofmans scored his only goal on 18 September 1997, as they won 3–2 against Red Star Belgrade in the first leg of the commencing round, before they were eliminated 4–6 on aggregate in the next round by VfB Stuttgart.Hofmans transferred Germinal Beerschot in 1999, playing there for a season before retiring in 2000.

International career
Hofmans appeared only once for Belgium, making his debut on 22 April 1992, following his inclusion in the squad by Paul Van Himst, where he came on as a substitute for Marc Wilmots, who scored the winning goal in a 1–0 victory in their 1994 World Cup qualifier game against Cyprus.

Later career
Hofmans was appointed as team manager of Germinal Beerschot in 2008. He spent three years there, before being unveiled as the new team manager of Royal Antwerp in 2011, succeeding Patrick Vanoppen.

Honours
Germinal EkerenBelgian Second Division: 1988–89
Belgian Cup: 1996–97

References
External links
Gunther Hofmans at Germinal BeerschotHMS Quilliam (G09) was a Q-class destroyer serving in the Royal Navy from 1942 to 1945. She was then transferred to the Royal Netherlands Navy, where she was commissioned as HNLMS Banckert (D801) from until 1957.

Construction
The ship was laid down by R. and W. Hawthorn, Leslie and Company, Limited, at Hebburn-on-Tyne on 19 August 1940, launched on 29 November 1941 and commissioned on 22 October 1942.
She was named after Manx Lieutenant (later Captain) John Quilliam RN, First Lieutenant of HMS Victory at the Battle of Trafalgar.

Operational history
Royal Navy
Quilliam was involved in wartime operations in both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
On 20 May 1945, while taking part in Operation Iceberg (the Invasion of Okinawa), Quilliam was involved in a collision with the British aircraft carrier Indomitable, which left the destroyer with a heavily damaged bow. She was out of service for repairs when World War II ended.

Royal Netherlands Navy
Quilliam was one of six Q-class destroyers to survive World War II. While five were transferred to the Royal Australian Navy, Quilliam was instead transferred to the Royal Netherlands Navy on 21 November 1945. The ship was renamed HNLMS Banckert, and received the pennant number D801. The ship was refitted to Dutch standards and had a new bow fitted before she entered service in the Netherlands East Indies.

Banckert saw action during the Indonesian National Revolution. Between 10 and 12 May 1947, the ship intercepted the British coastal merchant ship NR. 4 Nanmei, which was supplying contraband to Indonesians in Tapanoeli Bay, and fired on Indonesian coastal defences in Sibolga. She was involved in the Dutch occupation of Tegal on 26 July by providing a landing party. After carrying out patrols during the Dutch 'police counteractions', Banckert returned to the Netherlands in August 1948 for a refit, which lasted until 19 September 1949. The destroyer arrived at the Soerabaja naval base on 25 December 1949, and was stationed there until 9 December 1950, when she was assigned to Netherlands New Guinea. Banckert left Southeast Asia for the Netherlands on 20 August 1951.On her return, Banckert was assigned to the naval base at Den Helder as part of the RNLN's European Training Squadron.

Decommissioning and fate
Banckert was paid off in April 1952. She was struck from records on 19 October 1956, and was sold to Jos de Smedt of Antwerp for scrapping on 1 February 1957.

Notes
References
Colledge, J. J.; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969]. Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev. ed.). London: Chatham Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8.
English, John (2001). Obdurate to Daring: British Fleet Destroyers 1941–45. Windsor, UK: World Ship Society. ISBN 978-0-9560769-0-8.
Friedman, Norman (2006). British Destroyers & Frigates: The Second World War and After. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-86176-137-6.
Lenton, H. T. (1998). British & Empire Warships of the Second World War. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-048-7.
Raven, Alan & Roberts, John (1978). War Built Destroyers O to Z Classes. London: Bivouac Books. ISBN 0-85680-010-4.
Rohwer, Jürgen (2005). Chronology of the War at Sea 1939–1945: The Naval History of World War Two (Third Revised ed.). Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-119-2.
Whitley, M. J. (1988). Destroyers of World War 2. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 0-87021-326-1.
W.H.E., van Amstel (1991). De schepen van de Koninklijke Marine vanaf 1945. Alkmaar: De Alk. ISBN 9060139976.

External links
Website about HMS Quillam"I Wanna Do It All" is a song written by Tim Nichols, Rick Giles and Gilles Godard, and recorded by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark.  It was released in August 2003 as the third single from her album Pain to Kill.  The song peaked at number 3 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart and reached number 38 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Content
Considered a women's anthem, the song finds Clark singing about all of the things she would do if she could get away.  Several versions of the song were recorded for broadcasting in different American cities, replacing the standard "see the Yankees play ball" lyrics with local baseball and/or football teams.  The Washington, DC version references the Washington Redskins NFL team, Baltimore's version references both the NFL Ravens and MLB Orioles, and Pittsburgh's version the NFL Steelers. Most New England area stations air "Watch the Pat's play ball!" in reference to the New England Patriots, while some of Boston/New England's local stations have reportedly played "Watch the Bengals play ball!" in reference to the Cincinnati Bengals.  In Arizona, the song references the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team with the lyric "Watch the D-backs play ball."

Critical reception
Deborah Evans Price, of Billboard magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that the song is "marked by Clark's effervescent delivery and a well-written lyric that is instantly relatable." She adds that initially, Clark's performance "reverberates with the frustration often produced by the tedium of daily living, but when she romps into the chorus and unleashes her litany of hopes, dreams, and desires, the longing in her vocal is palpable." She concludes her review by saying that it is "one of those fee-good songs that is an immediate musical motivator sure to make listeners shake off their doldrums and reach for that brass ring-or perhaps the nearest shot of tequila."

Music video
A live music video was directed by Milton Lage and premiered in late 2003. The concert was taken from a various of CMT On Tour 2003 performances, and, therefore, the video was never broadcast on GAC.

Chart positions
"I Wanna Do It All" debuted at number 59 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of August 30, 2003.

Year-end charts


The Radeon RX Vega series is a series of graphics processors developed by AMD. These GPUs use the Graphics Core Next (GCN) 5th generation architecture, codenamed Vega, and are manufactured on 14 nm FinFET technology, developed by Samsung Electronics and licensed to GlobalFoundries. The series consists of desktop graphics cards and APUs aimed at desktops, mobile devices, and embedded applications.
The lineup was released on 14 August 2017. It included the RX Vega 56 and the RX Vega 64, priced at $399 and $499 respectively. These were followed by two mobile APUs, the Ryzen 2500U and Ryzen 2700U, in October 2017. February 2018 saw the release of two desktop APUs, the Ryzen 3 2200G and the Ryzen 5 2400G, and the Ryzen Embedded V1000 line of APUs. In September 2018 AMD announced several Vega APUs in their Athlon line of products. Later in January 2019, the Radeon VII was announced based on the 7nm FinFET node manufactured by TSMC.

History
The Vega microarchitecture was AMD's high-end graphics cards line, and is the successor to the R9 300 series enthusiast Fury products. Partial specifications of the architecture and Vega 10 GPU were announced with the Radeon Instinct MI25 in December 2016. AMD later released the details of the Vega architecture.

Announcement
Vega was originally announced at AMD's CES 2017 presentation on 5 January 2017, alongside the Zen line of CPUs.

New features
Vega targets increased instructions per clock, higher clock speeds, and support for HBM2.AMD's Vega has new memory hierarchy with high-bandwidth cache and its controller.Support for HBM2 featuring double the bandwidth-per-pin over previous generation HBM. HBM2 allows for higher capacities with less than half the footprint of GDDR5 memory. Vega architecture is optimized for streaming very large datasets and can work with a variety of memory types with up to 512TB of virtual address space.Primitive shader for improved geometry processing. Replaces vertex and geometry shaders in geometry processing pipelines with a more programmable single stage. The primitive shader  stage is more efficient, introduces intelligent load balancing technologies and higher throughput.NCU: Next Compute Unit a Next-generation compute engine. The Vega GPU introduces the Next-Gen Compute Unit. Versatile architecture featuring flexible compute units that can natively process 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit or 64-bit operations in each clock cycle. And run at higher frequencies. Vega brings support for Rapid Packed Math, processing two half-precision (16-bit) in the same time as a single 32-bit floating-point operation. Up to 128 32-bit, 256 16-bit or 512 8-bit ops per clock are possible with the Vega architecture.Draw Stream Binning Rasterizer designed for higher performance and power efficiency. It allows for "fetch once, shade once" of pixels through the use of a smart on-chip bin cache and early culling of pixels invisible in a final scene.Vega cards can consume comparatively less power along with same or even better performance when the card is undervolted. An offset off 0.25V is proving really cool and efficient.Vega bumps Direct3D feature level support from 12_0 to 12_1.Vega's rasteriser brings hardware-acceleration support for Rasterizer Ordered Views and Conservative Rasterisation Tier 3.

Products
RX Vega branded discrete graphics
Radeon VII branded discrete graphics
Workstation GPUs
Desktop APUs
Raven Ridge (2018)
Picasso (2019)
Renoir (2020)
Cezanne (2021)
Mobile APUs
Raven Ridge (2017)
Picasso (2019)
Dalí (2020)
Renoir (2020)
Lucienne (2021)
Cezanne (2021)
Embedded APUs
Radeon features
The following table shows features of AMD/ATI's GPUs (see also: List of AMD graphics processing units).

See also
Graphics Core Next
Kaby Lake G processors
Radeon Vega Frontier Edition
List of AMD graphics processing units

References
External links
Vega: AMD's New Graphics Architecture for Virtually Unlimited Workloads
Radeon's next-generation Vega architectureMill is a stop on the Region of Waterloo's Ion rapid transit system. It is located southeast of the intersection of Ottawa and Mill Streets in Kitchener, alongside the CN Huron Subdivision. It opened on June 21, 2019.
Access to the platform is from the west, directly from the Ottawa Street sidewalk; to the east, there is only an emergency egress on the northern side.
The station's feature wall consists of ceramic tiles in a pattern of white, brown, and gray. The station also features the artwork Tall Tales of Mill Street by Terry O’Neill and Tara Cooper, with totems displaying elements about local legends.

The station is primarily surrounded by residential and light industrial areas; the closest major landmark is the Concordia Club, a major venue for Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest, located 300 metres (980 ft) to the south.
South of the station, the LRT tracks share a corridor with the freight tracks but are physically separated from them. Each rail service has its own underpass of the Conestoga Parkway and bridge over Schneider Creek, before the LRT tracks divert at Hayward Avenue.
Rail tracks have bisected the Mill–Ottawa intersection for decades, but the addition of LRT tracks necessitated that it be rebuilt in a way that Mill Street would no longer be directly connected. Traffic along Mill coming eastward from the direction of downtown is now directed southeast along the tracks to a T-intersection with Ottawa, south of the former four-way intersection; that intersection is similarly now only a T, with Mill continuing east but westward traffic having to redirect along Ottawa.

References
External links
Mill station on GRT websiteCharles School Blakely (November 6, 1880 – January 11, 1975) was an American army officer and Brigadier general who served during World War I.

Early life
Blakely was born in Pennsylvania. In 1904, he graduated 29th of 124 from the United States Military Academy. Blakely's older brother, George Blakely, was also a graduate of the United States Military Academy, and a U.S. general.

Career
Blakely was an artilleryman, and was promoted to brigadier general on October 1, 1918, commanding an artillery brigade in France. After this, he was the Commanding General of the brigade fire center. From 1922 to 1925, he was executive officer for the Chief of Field Artillery in Washington. During 1926 and 1927, he studied at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island. From 1934 to 1937, Blakely was assistant commandant of the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. In 1938, after thirty-four years of service, he retired due to disabilities.

Death and legacy
Charles School Blakely died at the age of ninety-four on January 11, 1975.


Pak, formerly known as Murat Pak, is a digital artist, cryptocurrency investor, and programmer. The identity of Pak is unknown and some speculate that it may be a team. Pak is known for creating the curation platform Archillect, an internet bot which reshares media based on user interactions with content hosted on various social platforms.Pak is best known for working with non-fungible tokens. Pak's highest-selling NFT, "Merge", generated $91.8 million in sales in December 2021 and is one of the most expensive non-fungible tokens. Pak's NFTs have been sold on platforms including Sotheby's, Nifty Gateway, MakersPlace, SuperRare, and Async Art. Pak is also credited for having introduced Beeple to NFTs in October 2020.

Archillect
In 2014, Pak created Archillect (a portmanteau of archive and intellect), an internet bot that acts as a curation platform. It searches through social media and posts images to several social media platforms. Posts are selected in order to be shared as widely as possible, adapting to provide more of the content people are sharing. Archillect has been compared to AI composer Emily Howell as examples of "artistic bots". It has also been described as a mood board. Pak described Archillect as a "digital muse" and refers to it as "she".As of 2022, the account has over 2.8 million followers on Twitter.

NFTs
Style
Pak is known for a style that takes advantage of blockchain technology, specifically its smart contracts, described as an appeal to cryptocurrency fans. The images associated with Pak's NFTs use geometric shapes or programmatically generated images. Pak frequently embeds hidden messages into NFTs, and uses social media platforms in a candid way to promote and discuss them. Pak's use of NFTs has been described as challenging the concepts of value and ownership.

Notable works
Pak's first NFT, "Cloud Monument Dark", was released on February 3, 2020 on SuperRare, an NFT marketplace. In August 2020, Pak released project "X" on NiftyGateway, an "open edition" sale of NFTs with a scarcity mechanism based on time rather than volume. Thirteen NFTs were offered for sale in multiples for a window of twenty-four hours.In March 2021, Charles Stewart, CEO of Sotheby's, announced a partnership with Pak to launch the auction house's first NFT sale. This partnership resulted in "The Fungible", an open edition which generated $16.8 million in sales across 6,156 NFTs over two days. The Sotheby's sale and subsequent press raised Pak's public profile, specifically with regards to the role of NFTs in the art world. As part of Pak's partnership with Sotheby's, Pak also auctioned "The Pixel", which sold for $1.36 million, and "The Switch", which sold for $1.4 million.On October 15, 2021, Sotheby's launched the "Sotheby's Metaverse", a digital art platform for selling and curating NFTs, which offers users a unique personal profile picture generated by Pak.On December 2, 2021, Pak launched the sale of "Merge" on Nifty Gateway. "Merge" was made available for 48 hours, with buyers able to purchase "mass units" rather than individual copies of an NFT edition. Buyers received a single NFT with its associated image generated based the transaction metadata and the number of "mass units" purchased. In total, 312,686 mass units were sold to 28,983 buyers generating $91.8 million.In February 2022, "Censored", a series of NFTs, were auctioned as a fundraiser for the legal defense of Julian Assange. One NFT, "The Clock", was sold for 16,593 ethereum ($52.8 million) to AssangeDAO, an online community of 10,000 people who pooled cryptocurrency for the bid. A second auction as part of "Censored" raised 671 ether, or $2.1 million, for separate organizations. On February 26, 2022 it was revealed that Pak donated  $1.9 million in cryptocurrency from the Censored sale to the Ukraine government.

References
External links
Official website
ArchillectLeonid Komskyi (born 16 July 1964, Irpin, Kyiv region, USSR) is a Ukrainian gallery owner and collector. He founded Ducat Auction House and served as President of the Guild of Antiquaries of Ukraine.

Career
Komskyi founded Ducat Auction House in 2008. The main emphasis is the art of the first half of the 20th century, the domestic unofficial art of the 1950-1990s and modern art.
In 2016, Ducat presented Ukraine’s first-ever second-hand book auction "Ukrainian Book".3-4% of the lots are the works of young artists. The paintings of such masters as Matvii Vaisberh, Pavlo Makov, Oleksandr Zhyvotkov, Oleksandr Roitburd are mostly exhibited.
Rare Ukrainian books, maps, documents and graphics are exhibited in the gallery. In particular, alongside "The Ukrainian Book" auction, the lifetime edition of the "Aeneid" of Kotliarevsky and the works of Taras Shevchenko were exhibited.
According to Komskyi, art lovers used to buy paintings of Russian classics, while Ukrainian art is becoming increasingly popular.
Komskyi is the publisher of the Antiquary magazine. In May 2015,  the Department of the State Register of the Main Territorial Department of Justice in Kyiv seized this property. Other Komskyi property was seized, including an apartment with a mortgage of $ 2 million, funded by Russia's Alfa Bank.
In 2018, he participated in the Real Proof project, helping activists to seize a house on 8B Reitarska Street, and was accused of raiding.

Connections
Komskyi was associated with the former Deputy Prime Minister Dmytro Tabachnyk. He acted as an intermediary in the resale of valuable paintings and early printed books. 
Komskyi is listed as a beneficiary of "Olivin +" LLC, a jewellery manufacturer. 


Emeka Offor (born February 10, 1959) is a Nigerian oil magnate and entrepreneur, born in Kafanchan, Kaduna state.
He hails from Irefi Oraifite in Ekwusigo local government area of Anambra State, Nigeria. Offor had his primary education at Eziukwu Primary School in Aba, Abia State, and St. Michael's Primary School at Ogbete, Enugu. On completing his primary education, he began his secondary education at Merchant of Light School, and subsequently moved to Abbot Boys High School, Ihiala, Anambra State.He created the Sir Emeka Offor Foundation (SEOF) "to help people in need become independent and self-sufficient".He is a Knight of Saint Christopher in the Church of Nigeria, and one of the premier Knights in Oraifite, Anambra State.


Mandroid is a 1993 film directed by Jack Ersgard starring Robert Symonds and Curt Lowens.

Plot
In his hidden laboratory deep in Russia, Dr. Karl Zimmer (Symonds) has invented the Mandroid, a humanoid robot which follows the motions of a man in a special control suit. He has offered the invention to the United States, which has sent Agent Joe Smith and Dr. Wade Franklin from the CIA for inspection.
However, Zimmer's partner Drago (Lowens) has different plans and wants to sell Mandroid to the military, the night he tries to steal Mandroid, he becomes exposed to the highly toxic Superconn and is terribly disfigured. However, during the struggle, Zimmer's assistant Ben Knight also becomes exposed as he begins to turn invisible.
Drago enslaves a homeless mute and partially fixes his face, but the mute has to make him a metal mask. Using the Mandroid, Drago kidnaps Smith. Drago demands that Zimmer give him the Superconn in exchange for Smith.
Zimmer, Zana and Wade retrieve the Superconn, meanwhile Smith is revealed to be in cahoots with Drago. The chief of police arrives at the trade with a squad of police officers.
Through Mandroid, Drago reveals Smith's duplicity and fatally shoots Zimmer, then shoots Smith, as Zana mourns her father, the rest of them go after Drago and the Mandroid. Mandroid kills all of the police. Smith atones by killing the mute but dies from his injuries.
Wade destroys the Mandroid, Drago shoots Wades legs crippling him. Wade causes the building to collapse on him.
Wade and Zana start a relationship. Drago is revealed to be alive.

Cast
Brian Cousins as Wade
Jane Caldwell as Zanna
Michael Della Femina as Benjamin
Robert Symonds as Karl Zimmer
Curt Lowens as Drago
Patrik Ersgård as Joe
Ion Haiduc as the Mute
Mircea Albulescu as Doctor
Costel Constantin as Chief of Police
Adrian Pintea as Killer
Radu Minculescu as Policeman
Jake McKinnon as Mandroid (uncredited)

Production
The project originally was to be called "Mindmaster". Some early concept art was done by Jack Kirby.

Reception
Dennis Schwartz gave the film a grade C+ and wrote: "The film disappoints because the story is slight, the acting is wooden, the cheap special effects are not special and there's no pay-off."

Sequel
A sequel, entitled Invisible: The Chronicles of Benjamin Knight followed the same year.

References
External links
Mandroid at IMDb
Mandroid at Rotten Tomatoes
Review of the movie at internalbleeding.netThe Division of Macarthur is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.

History
The division is named after John Macarthur and his wife Elizabeth, who were both pioneers of Australia's wool industry. The main products and work in the electorate are in the fruit and vegetable production, lucerne and fodder crops, wine, dairy cattle and horse-breeding.
Macarthur has changed hands regularly over the years as redistributions have favoured different parties. Macarthur was a bellwether seat from the time of its establishment in 1949 until the 2007 election—during that 58-year period it was always held by a member of the governing party or coalition. Originally a hybrid urban-rural seat stretching from southwest Sydney to the Southern Highlands, successive redistributions have shrunk the geographical size of the seat due to the rapid growth of the Campbelltown area. In the redistribution prior to the 2001 federal election, Southern Highlands towns such as Bowral and Moss Vale were removed, shrinking the seat to one eighth of its original size and making it an entirely Sydney-based seat. This made the seat notionally Labor by 1.3%, from the previous 5.6% of the Liberals, prompting Liberal minister and former New South Wales premier John Fahey to retire. However, his replacement as Liberal candidate, former ultra-marathoner, Pat Farmer, achieved an 8.3% swing to retain the seat for the Liberals, actually tallying a primary vote large enough to win without the need for preferences.  He increased the margin from 7 to 9.5% at the 2004 election.Ahead of the 2007 election, a redistribution seemingly consolidated Farmer's hold on the seat; the Liberal majority was boosted to 11.1%.  However, Farmer was nearly defeated in the election, suffering a swing of 10.4%. The swing was spread evenly across the electorate, reflecting its solid mortgage belt character. The swing was particularly large in the heavily mortgaged suburbs of Narellan, Camden and the traditionally more Labor-voting areas of Campbelltown. Farmer's margin was reduced to an extremely marginal 0.7%.  A further redistribution in 2010 made it notionally a Labor seat.  Farmer was defeated for Liberal preselection by Campbelltown mayor Russell Matheson, who was able to retain the seat for the Liberals. Matheson gained a large swing at the 2013 election, increasing the Liberal margin to 11.1 percent. The Liberal margin was reduced to just 3.3 percent in the redistribution prior to the 2016 election, and additionally, a ReachTEL poll of 628 voters conducted in Macarthur during the election campaign saw Labor leading the Liberals.  At the 2016 election Labor challenger Mike Freelander took the seat off the Liberals on a swing of just under 12 percent, ending the Liberals' twenty-year hold on the seat and turning it into a safe Labor seat in one stroke. Freelander actually won enough votes on the first count to defeat Matheson without the need for preferences.
Ahead of the 2016 federal election, ABC psephologist Antony Green listed the seat in his election guide as one of eleven which he classed as "bellwether" electorates.

Boundaries and demographics
Located in outer south-west Sydney and covering 363 square kilometres (140 sq mi), the present boundaries of the division cover the southern suburbs of Campbelltown and parts of the local government area of Camden. It encompasses the suburbs of Airds, Ambarvale, Blair Athol, Blairmount, Bow Bowing, Bradbury, Campbelltown, Catherine Field, Claymore, Currans Hill, Eagle Vale, Englorie Park, Eschol Park, Gilead, Gledswood Hills, Glen Alpine, Gregory Hills, Kearns, Kentlyn, Leumeah, Menangle Park, Minto, Minto Heights, Oran Park, Raby, Rosemeadow, Ruse, Smeaton Grange, St Andrews, St Helens Park, Varroville, Wedderburn, Woodbine; as well as parts of Bringelly, Denham Court, Harrington Park, Ingleburn, Leppington, Menangle, Mount Annan, Narellan, and Rossmore.
While the electorate is predominantly outer-suburban, its contains some semi-rural areas such as Bringelly and Leppington. The population of the electorate is likely to expand significantly over coming years due to the release of new land surrounding Sydney for residential development.It is a mortgage belt area, with a high percentage of young families, leading to the proportion of residents under 18 being 35%, compared to the national average of 27.2%, with a low proportion of senior citizens (5.9% compared to 12.1%). This is further highlighted in the fact that 23.3% of the population is attending school, compared to the national average of 18.1%. The income is above average, with 19.7% of the families in the electorate earning less than A$500 per week, compared to 24.3% for the national average. The birth demographics of the electorate are similar to the rest of Australia, with the proportion of people born overseas and in non-English speaking countries within one percentage point of the national average.

Members
Election results
References
External links
Division of Macarthur- Australian Electoral CommissionAmuru is one of the Ethiopian woredas (districts) located in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.

Geography
It is part of the Horo Gudru Welega Zone. It was part of former Amuru Jarte woreda.
The administrative center is Obora.  The town of Amuru is in the woreda.
The Amuru woreda is known for its production of teff, barely, maize and other cereal crops.

Demographics
The 2007 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 52,633.
4,892 or 9.3% of its population were urban dwellers.
26,490 were women, and 26,143 were men.
The majority of the inhabitants observed Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 41.77% reporting that as their religion, while 38.53% were Protestants, 14.8% were Moslem, and 4.35% observed traditional beliefs.
The two major ethnic groups living in the woreda are Oromo people and Amhara people.

See also
Oromia Region topics


The Iskaskunikaw River is a tributary of the Pauschikushish Ewiwach River in Regional County Municipality (RCM) of Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality), in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, Canadian province of Quebec, Canada.
The Iskaskunikaw River hydrographic slope is served by the northern route from Matagami to 3.0 kilometres (1.9 mi) South of the mouth of the head lake of the Iskaskunikaw River. The surface of the river is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-November to mid-April.

Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Iskaskunikaw River are:

North side: Dana Lake (Eeyou Istchee Baie-James), Du Tast Lake;
East side: Pauschikushish Ewiwach River, Enistustikweyach River, Evans Lake, Broadback River;
South side: Muskiki River, Nottaway River, Lake Soscumica;
West side: Kakaskutatakuch River, Takutachun Creek Kakuskwapiminakuch, Dusaux Lake, Nottaway River.The Iskaskunikaw River originates at the mouth of Iskaskunikau Lake (elevation: 275 metres (902 ft)) located at:

22.2 kilometres (13.8 mi) South of a bay on the South shore of Evans Lake;
6.7 kilometres (4.2 mi) Southeast of the mouth of the Iskaskunikaw River;
26.2 kilometres (16.3 mi) Southeast of the mouth of the Pauschikushish Ewiwach River;
45.3 kilometres (28.1 mi) South of the mouth of Dana Lake (Eeyou Istchee Baie-James);
870 kilometres (540 mi) North of downtown of Matagami.Beginning at the confluence of Kaochishewechuch Creek, the "Iskaskunikaw River" flows over a length of 27.4 kilometres (17.0 mi) according to the following segments:

12.0 kilometres (7.5 mi) Northwesterly through marsh areas to a stream (from the south);
11.9 kilometres (7.4 mi) Northwesterly to the Kakaskutatakuch River (coming from the Southwest);
3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) North to mouth.The Iskaskunikaw River flows to the South bank of the Pauschikushish Ewiwach River. From there, the current flows to the northwest, then to the northeast, and flows to the South shore of Dana Lake (Eeyou Istchee Baie-James), which empties into a bay on the West bank of Evans Lake.
The mouth of the Iskaskunikaw River is located at:

16.7 kilometres (10.4 mi) Southwest of the mouth of the Pauschikushish Ewiwach River;
41.4 kilometres (25.7 mi) from the mouth of Dana Lake (Eeyou Istchee Baie-James);
63.8 kilometres (39.6 mi) Southwest of the mouth of Evans Lake
28.0 kilometres (17.4 mi) North of Soscumica Lake;
133.1 kilometres (82.7 mi) Southeast of the mouth of the Broadback River;
93.3 kilometres (58.0 mi) North of downtown Matagami.

Toponymy
Of Cree origin, the toponym "Iskaskunikaw River" means: "the river that surrounds a wooden cache".
The toponym "Iskaskunikaw River" was formalized on October 5, 1982 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec

See also
James Bay
Rupert Bay
Broadback River, a watercourse
Evans Lake, a body of water
Dana Lake (Eeyou Istchee Baie-James), a body of water
Pauschikushish Ewiwach River
List of rivers of Quebec


In broadcast engineering, a frequency extender is an electronic device that allows high-fidelity analogue audio to be sent over regular POTS telephone lines, without the loss of higher audio frequencies (treble).  It is an extended concept of a telephone hybrid.
The concept uses frequency shifting to overcome the narrow bandwidth of regular telephone systems.  The input signal is sent on one telephone line as-is, or in some cases upshifted to provide extra low-frequency response, and sent on a second line shifted down by 3 kHz, which is normally the upper bandpass limit in telephony.  Thus, an audio frequency of 5 kHz is sent at 2 kHz.  A receiver on the other end then shifts the second line back up and mixes it with the first.  This results in greatly improved audio, adding a full octave of range, and pushing the total bandpass to 6 kHz.  The sound is then acceptable for voice, if not for music.
It is also possible to add other lines, each increasing the bandpass by another 3 kHz.  However, the law of diminishing returns takes over, because each successive octave is double the size of the last.  A third line  pushes the bandpass up 50% to 9 kHz, equivalent to AM radio.  A fourth line would push it up 33% to 12 kHz.  FM radio quality would require five telephone lines to be installed, pushing the bandpass up 25% to 15 kHz.  The audio is shifted down by 6,9, and 12 kHz respectively for each additional line.
Frequency extenders have been nearly eliminated by POTS codecs.

See also
Remote broadcastMozdok (Russian: Моздок) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

Urban localitiesMozdok, a town in Mozdoksky District of the Republic of North Ossetia-AlaniaRural localitiesMozdok, Kursk Oblast, a khutor in Kitayevsky Selsoviet of Medvensky District of Kursk Oblast
Mozdok, Tambov Oblast, a village in Berezovsky Selsoviet of Uvarovsky District of Tambov OblastThe Alabama map turtle (Graptemys pulchra) is a species of emydid turtle endemic to the southern United States. Differentiation from other turtle species includes a black stripe running down the center of its back with knobs extruding from it, but these projections wear down with age. T.H. Bean and L. Kumlen first collected the Alabama map turtle in July 1876 from a lake near Montgomery, Alabama. Type locality for this species is Montgomery County, Alabama. Baur described and named the Alabama map turtle in 1893. The genus Graptemys includes nine species of mostly aquatic turtles.

Geographic distribution
The Alabama map turtle has a unique location to its habitat in the Southeast. It is endemic to the Mobile Bay drainage basin and inhabits the lotic (flowing water) areas of Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, and possibly Louisiana. It ranges from the Pearl River in Mississippi and Louisiana eastward to the Yellow River in Florida and Alabama.

Status
The IUCN lists the Alabama map turtle as near threatened. Alabama lists it as protected species, Georgia lists it as rare species, and Mississippi lists it as a species with special concern. The Alabama map turtle is at high risk of extirpation due to being secluded to specific river systems and human disturbances such as habitat destruction and fragmentation.

Description
Nine species of Graptemys turtle could allow confusion in distinguishing it from other species in the same genus. A few key diagnostic features set the Alabama map turtle apart. The black stripe down the center of its back with knobs extruding from it is a diagnostic characteristic for this species that separates it from other turtle species. Adult males range from 9.0–12.7 cm (3.5–5.0 in) and retain most coloration and pattern from its juvenile stage. Females range from 18.0–29.2 cm (7.1–11.5 in), have extremely large heads for crushing snails and mollusks, and lose a majority of their markings and patterns, becoming drabber than juveniles and males. Carapace (upper half of shell) color can be olive to dull green with a slightly visible black stripe in adults. Juveniles exhibit a dark stripe running down a more olive carapace. The outermost edge on the upper half of the shell usually contains light reticulate markings and the scutes (scale-like structure) contain a yellowish bar or semicircle. Dark rings are usually present on the lower surface of each outer scute. It contains a hingeless yellow plastron (bottom half of shell) notched in the back. A narrow black margin borders the edge of each scute. It has a brown to olive head with a large mark that ranges from light green to yellow located between and behind the eyes. The lateral and dorsal head stripes can be continuous or separated. Chin stripes are found transversally and/or longitudinally. The feet are webbed with a striped tail and limbs. Growth rate is rapid in juveniles, but slows promptly at maturity. Females reach full size around 23 years old and can live 50 years or more in natural conditions. Females have significantly larger jaws, while males have long and thick tails with vents past the edge of the carapaces.

Ecology and behavior
Water temperature, certain river characteristics such as prey items, variations of the species in different drainages, along with any known disease or parasite problems, is vital information to provide ideal habitat for the Alabama map turtle. Seasonal activity is determined mainly by water temperature. In one location, temperatures below 19 °C resulted in severe decline in feeding and activity, complete hibernation of the population did not occur, and no significant interspecific competition with other turtle species occurred. They are mainly in large coastal plains streams with large mollusks populations. Four geographical variants include one in the Pearl River drainage, a second in the Pascagoula drainage, a third in the Mobile Bay drainage, and a fourth in the Escambia and Yellow River drainages. No deleterious parasitism was found, but a single ectoparasite (Placobdella sp.) (leech) was on turtles during spring. The most common intestinal parasite was an acanthocephalan (Neoechinorhynchu), but was found in less than 25% of adult population. One adult female possessed a fluke (Telorchis sp.) in its small intestine. A sporozoan (Myxidium chelonarum) was noted in the bile duct and gall bladder of the Alabama map turtle.

Habitat
Alabama map turtles are endemic to the major drainage systems entering the Gulf of Mexico and have some other interesting habitat qualities. They range from the Pearl River in Mississippi and Louisiana eastward to the Yellow River in Florida and Alabama. Juveniles and males like shallow water with basking logs, while females prefer deeper water. Females also prefer a unique coarseness to their sandbar. Tinkle noticed the relationship of the abundance and distribution of this species to the fall line. Managers can provide optimal habitat for juveniles, adult males, and adult females by providing the necessary structure within the river system.

Reproduction
Males reach sexual maturity in three to four years. Females do not reach maturity until about 14 years old. Sperm may be stored in females due to sperm being present in males throughout the year and mating only occurring in autumn. Courtship sequence is similar to other species of aquatic emydines, except males use their snouts as the "titillation tools" rather than extended fore claws. Mature adult males lack fore claws altogether. Females lay an average of 29 eggs per season depending on size of female, with an average of four clutches laid per season per female. Nests are located 1–20 m from water’s edge, primarily on exposed sandbars Other Graptemys species nest up to 200 m from water’s edge. Coarseness of sand seems to play a vital role in nest selection. Incubation averages 74 to 79 days at 29 °C with infertility of entire clutches common. Observed nest predators are fish crows during the day and raccoons at night. Major enemies of adult Alabama map turtles include humans and the alligator snapping turtle (Macroclemys temmincki).

Diet
Alabama map turtles feed on an array of food items, but prefer one in particular; the primary food item was the imported oriental mussel (Corbicula maniliensis), which was the most abundant macroinvertebrate in the study area. Smaller adults and juveniles feed primarily on insects, while larger adult females feed primarily on the imported oriental mussel. Feeding is between May and October, and food consumed in September and October likely was stored for winter since growth ceases in early September. They feed mainly on mollusks, insects, carrion, and vegetation.

References
Further reading
D.S. Wilson. 2012. Terrestrial habitat requirements of nesting freshwater turtles. Biological Conservation 150: 121–128.org. Retrieved 11 November 2013.

Rhodin, Anders G.J.; van Dijk, Peter Paul; Iverson, John B.; Shaffer, H. Bradley (14 December 2010). "Turtles of the World 2010 Update: Annotated Checklist of Taxonomy, Synonymy, Distribution and Conservation Status" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 15 December 2010. Retrieved 15 December 2010.

External links
Austin's Turtle Page
Graptemys pulchra at the Reptarium.cz Reptile Database. Accessed 14 April 2013."Without the right of correspondence" (WRC) (Russian: Без права переписки, abbreviated as БПП in official documents) was a clause in a sentence of many political repressions victims of Stalinist Great Purges in Soviet Union that implied death. It was used to keep family relatives of those executed uncertain as to the fate or whereabouts of the victims.

Meaning
WRC was used as a euphemism to cover the true nature of a court sentence.
In many cases during the late 1930s 'Great Purge' campaign of political repression, the sentence handed down was "10 years of corrective labor camps without the right of correspondence", which was announced to relatives, while the paperwork contained the real sentence: "the highest degree of punishment: execution by shooting". Many people did not understand the official euphemism and incorrectly believed that their relative was still alive in prison.As Alexander Solzhenitsyn put it in The Gulag Archipelago:

"Deprived of the right to correspond." And that means once and for all. "No right to correspondence"—and that almost for certain means: "Has been shot." 
For example, all of the bodies identified from the mass graves at Vinnytsia and Kuropaty had received a WRC sentence.

Notable victims
Mikhail Koltsov (a Soviet writer and correspondent, a prototype of Karkov in Hemingway's For Whom the Bell Tolls), executed February 2, 1940. When his brother, Boris Efimov, by a miracle got an appointment with Vasiliy Ulrikh, the latter told him that Koltsov was sentenced to 10 years WRC.
Matvei Petrovich Bronstein (executed in 1937), a theoretical physicist and a pioneer of quantum gravity.
Volodymyr Zatonsky (executed 29 July 1938) a Ukrainian Soviet leader

See also
Nacht und Nebel
By administrative means

References
External links
Desyat let bez prava perepiski at IMDb, a 1990 Russian film ("Ten Years without the Right of Correspondence")Euphorbia gottlebei is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is endemic to Madagascar.  Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Description
Is a small shrub-like, succulent and thorny plant with an apical cyathium.


The WSF World Team Squash Championships are an international squash competition organised by the World Squash Federation (WSF) and played between teams representing different nations. Countries enter teams of three or four players to represent them in the championships. In each round of the competition, teams face each other in a best-of-three singles matches contest. The competition is held once every two years, with the venue changing each time.  Normally the men's and women's events are held separately in different years in two different locations.

Men's
Source:

Summary of finalists
Source:

Women's
Source:

Summary of finalists
Source:

See also
European Squash Team Championships
Asian Squash Team Championships


"As The World Falls Down" is a song written by David Bowie for the soundtrack of the 1986 fantasy film Labyrinth.

Background and composition
"As The World Falls Down" is one of five songs Bowie wrote and recorded for the film, in which he also starred as Jareth, the king of the goblins. A love ballad, "As The World Falls Down" was written for a dream sequence in which Jareth and the film's heroine, Sarah, dance at a fantastic masquerade ball. Bowie said of the song, "[Director] Jim Henson wanted something which was fairly old-fashioned in its sentiments and it is, for me, the prettiest tune in the movie, and the most relaxed." The song's melody is heard at the start of the film as the tune played by Sarah's music box."As The World Falls Down" is structured in the traditional 1-6-4-5 form popular in 1950s ballads. The song's intro is in a moderately fast 3/4 time, before an electric bass modifies the rhythm to a slower 4/4 time. The bass line consists of a constant rising musical motif that acts as a hook throughout the song. There is a minor fourth, and later a minor second in the chorus.

Release
"As The World Falls Down" is the seventh track on the Labyrinth soundtrack, which was released in July 1986 to coincide with the film's U.S. premiere. EMI planned to also release the song as a single in late 1986, and as a result, a 3:40 edit was produced along with a promotional music video. However, the single release was cancelled — perhaps because Bowie did not want the love ballad to lessen the impact of his upcoming harder-sounding release Never Let Me Down, biographer Nicholas Pegg suggested. The edit was later released as a bonus track on the Virgin Records re-release of Tonight in 1995, and the video was included on Bowie – The Video Collection (1993) and on the DVD version of Best of Bowie (2002). The full-length 4:50 album version of the song was included on the 5-track CD I Am Iman, personally compiled by Bowie as a promotional device packaged with initial copies of his wife Iman's 2001 autobiography of the same name.

Music video
A promotional video was shot by Steve Barron to accompany the edit of the song slated for single release. The video splices clips from Labyrinth with monochrome footage of Bowie performing the song in an elegant room accompanied by the character Hoggle from the film. The storyline follows photocopies of Bowie enchanting a woman in an office building (portrayed by French actress Charlotte Valandrey).
Barron's videos for "As The World Falls Down" and the Labyrinth theme song "Underground" so impressed Jim Henson that he recruited Barron to direct his television series The Storyteller.

Reception
Rolling Stone called the song a "hidden gem" of Bowie's career and included "As The World Falls Down" on its list of 30 essential Bowie songs, describing it as a "sparkling, subdued ballad...which intermingles a tender vocal performance from Bowie and a sinewy bass line with glassy New Romantic synths". The A.V. Club considered it the best song from Labyrinth, and wrote that it "cater[s] in heartfelt empathy, using classic pop chord progressions to relate the joys and pain of love." Smooth Radio chose "As The World Falls Down" as number 11 on its ranking of Bowie's 20 greatest songs, and argued that it "deserves to be considered amongst Bowie's finest ever songs". Newsweek deemed the song "pure 80s cheese", conceding that "it does have a lovely chorus" however. Gigwise named the song as one of "the 50 best ever original songs made for movies".According to Bowie biographer David Buckley in 2015, "As The World Falls Down" was in the top 30 highest-selling Bowie songs on iTunes in the United Kingdom, and the Labyrinth soundtrack was Bowie's third-best selling iTunes album. At the time of Bowie's death in 2016, the song was the 32nd highest-selling Bowie UK download.

Personnel
Credits per biographer Chris O'Leary:
David Bowie – vocals, backing vocals, producer
Arif Mardin – producer
Nicky Moroch – lead guitar
Jeff Mironov – lead and rhythm guitar
Will Lee – bass
Steve Ferrone – drums
Robbie Buchanan – keyboards, synthesiser, programming, guitars, keyboards, arranger
Robin Beck – backing vocals

Cover versions
Lights — We Were So Turned On: A Tribute to David Bowie (2010). Their cover used the title "World Falls Down".
Girl In a Coma — Adventures in Coverland (2010)
Signe Tollefsen — Baggage (EP) (2011)
Daniel Boaventura — One More Kiss (2014)
Grace Potter — "As The World Falls Down" (2016). Initially released only as a video on her YouTube channel and social media as a tribute to Bowie following his death earlier that year; later released on the single "We'll Be Alright" (2020).
Vitamin String Quartet — Geek Wedding Vol 2: The Sequel (2016)
Lena Hall — Obsessed: David Bowie (EP) (2018)

References
Bibliography
External links
Official music video on YouTubeSecond Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 700 Pine Street in Chattanooga, Tennessee, affiliated with Presbyterian Church USA.
The Gothic Revival building, designed by Reuben Harrison Hunt, was built in 1890. It is the oldest building designed by Hunt that is still extant in Chattanooga. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Since 1984, the undercroft of the church's main building has been used for a homeless shelter, operated as a cooperative project of Second Presbyterian Church and St. Paul's Episcopal Church. St. Matthew's Men's Night Shelter started as a winter-only emergency shelter for homeless men. It now operates year-round to provide overnight housing for men who are participating in a rehabilitative program, such as the program of the Chattanooga Community Kitchen.

References
External links
Official websiteThe current conflict in the Niger Delta first arose in the early 1990s over tensions between foreign oil corporations and a number of the Niger Delta's minority ethnic groups who feel they are being exploited, particularly the Ogoni and the Ijaw. Ethnic and political unrest continued throughout the 1990s despite the return to democracy and the election of the Obasanjo government in 1999. Struggle for oil wealth has fueled violence between ethnic groups, causing the militarization of nearly the entire region by ethnic militia groups, Nigerian military and police forces, notably the Nigerian Mobile Police. The violence has contributed to Nigeria's ongoing energy supply crisis by discouraging foreign investment in new power generation plants in the region.
From 2004 on, violence also hit the oil industry with piracy and kidnappings. In 2009, a presidential amnesty program accompanied with support and training of ex-militants proved to be a success. Thus until 2011, victims of crimes were fearful of seeking justice for crimes committed against them because of a failure to prosecute those responsible for human rights abuses.

Background
Nigeria, after nearly four decades of oil production, had by the early 1980s become almost completely economically dependent on petroleum extraction, which at the time generated 25% of its GDP. This portion has since risen to 60%, as of 2008. Despite the vast wealth created by petroleum, the benefits have been slow to trickle down to the majority of the population, who since the 1960s have increasingly been forced to abandon their traditional agricultural practices. Annual production of both cash and food crops dropped significantly in the later decades of the 20th century. Cocoa production dropped by 43% for example; Nigeria was the world's largest cocoa exporter in 1960. Rubber production dropped by 29%, cotton by 65%, and groundnuts by 64%. While many skilled, well-paid Nigerians have been employed by oil corporations, the majority of Nigerians and most especially the people of the Niger Delta states and the far north have become poorer since the 1960s.The Delta region has a steadily growing population estimated at more than 30 million people in 2005, and accounts for more than 23% of Nigeria's total population. The population density is also among the highest in the world, with 265 people per square kilometre, according to the Niger Delta Development Commission. This population is expanding at a rapid 3% per year and the oil capital, Port Harcourt, and other large towns are also growing quickly. Poverty and urbanization in Nigeria are growing, and official corruption is considered a fact of life. The resulting scenario is one in which urbanization does not bring accompanying economic growth to provide jobs.

Ogoniland
Ogoniland is a 1,050-square-kilometre (404-square-mile) region in the southeast of the Niger Delta basin. Economically viable petroleum was discovered in Ogoniland in 1957, just one year after the discovery of Nigeria's first commercial petroleum deposit. Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron Corporation set up shop there throughout the next two decades. The Ogoni people, a minority ethnic group of about half a million people who call Ogoniland home, and other ethnic groups in the region attest that during this time, the government began forcing them to abandon their land to oil companies without consultation, offering negligible compensation.
A 1979 constitutional amendment gave the federal government full ownership and rights to all Nigerian territory and also declared that eminent domain compensation for seized land would "be based on the value of the crops on the land at the time of its acquisition, not on the value of the land itself." The Nigerian government could now distribute the land to oil companies as it deemed fit, said the Human Rights Watch.The 1970s and 1980s saw government promised benefits for the Niger Delta peoples fall through and fail to materialize, with the Ogoni growing increasingly dissatisfied and their environmental, social, and economic apparatus rapidly deteriorating. The Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People (MOSOP) was formed in 1992, spearheaded by Ogoni playwright and author Ken Saro-Wiwa, became the major organization representing the Ogoni people in their struggle for ethnic and environmental rights. Its primary targets, and at times adversaries, have been the Nigerian government and Royal Dutch Shell.

Beginning in December 1992, the conflict between the Ogoni and the oil companies escalated to a level of greater seriousness and intensity on both sides. Both parties began carrying out acts of violence and MOSOP issued an ultimatum to the oil companies (Shell, Chevron, and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation) demanding some $10 billion in accumulated royalties, damages and compensation, and "immediate stoppage of environmental degradation", as well as negotiations for mutual agreement on all future drilling.The Ogonis threatened mass action to disrupt oil company operations if they failed to comply with MOSOP demands, and thereby shifted the focus of their actions from the unresponsive federal government to the oil companies producing in the region. The rationale for this assignment of responsibility was the benefits accrued by the oil companies from extracting the natural wealth of the Ogoni homeland, and the central government's neglectful failure to act.
The government responded by banning public gatherings and declaring disturbances to oil production acts of treason. Oil extraction from the territory slowed to a trickle of 10,000 barrels per day (1,600 m3/d) (.5% of the national total).
Military repression escalated in May 1994. On May 21, soldiers and mobile policemen appeared in most Ogoni villages. On that day, four Ogoni chiefs (all on the conservative side of a schism within MOSOP over strategy) were brutally murdered. Saro-Wiwa, head of the opposing faction, had been denied entry to Ogoniland on the day of the murders, but he was detained in connection with the killings. The occupying forces, led by Major Paul Okuntimo of Rivers State Internal Security, claimed to be 'searching for those directly responsible for the killings of the four Ogonis.' However, witnesses say that they engaged in terror operations against the general Ogoni population. Amnesty International characterized the policy as deliberate terrorism. By mid-June, the security forces had razed 30 villages, detained 600 people and killed at least 40. This figure eventually rose to 2,000 civilian deaths and the displacement of around 100,000 internal refugees.In May 1994, nine activists from the movement who later became known as 'The Ogoni Nine', among them Ken Saro-Wiwa, were arrested and accused of incitement to murder following the deaths of four Ogoni elders. Saro-Wiwa and his comrades denied the charges, but were imprisoned for over a year before being found guilty and sentenced to death by a specially-convened tribunal, hand-selected by General Sani Abacha, on 10 November 1995. The activists were denied due process and upon being found guilty, were hanged by the Nigerian state.The executions met with an immediate international response. The trial was widely criticised by human rights organisations and the governments of other states, who condemned the Nigerian government's long history of detaining its critics, mainly pro-democracy and other political activists. The Commonwealth of Nations, which had pleaded for clemency, suspended Nigeria's membership in response to the executions. The United States, the United Kingdom, and the EU all implemented sanctions—but not on petroleum, Nigeria's primary export.
Shell claimed to have asked the Nigerian government to show clemency towards those found guilty, but said its request was refused. However, a 2001 Greenpeace report found that "two witnesses that accused them [Saro-Wiwa and the other activists] later admitted that Shell and the military had bribed them with promises of money and jobs at Shell. Shell admitted having given money to the Nigerian military, who brutally tried to silence the voices which claimed justice".As of 2006, the situation in Ogoniland has eased significantly, assisted by the transition to democratic rule in 1999. However, no attempts have been made by the government or any international body to bring about justice by investigating and prosecuting those involved in the violence and property destruction that have occurred in Ogoniland, although individual plaintiffs have brought a class action lawsuit against Shell in the US.

Ijaw unrest (1998–1999)
The December 1998 All Ijaw Youths Conference crystallized the Ijaws' struggle for petroleum resource control with the formation of the Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) and the issuing of the Kaiama Declaration. In it, long-held Ijaw concerns about the loss of control over their homeland and their own lives to the oil companies were joined with a commitment to direct action. In the declaration, and in a letter to the companies, the Ijaws called for oil companies to suspend operations and withdraw from Ijaw territory. The IYC pledged "to struggle peacefully for freedom, self-determination and ecological justice," and prepared a campaign of celebration, prayer, and direct action, Operation Climate Change, beginning December 28.
In December 1998, two warships and 10–15,000 Nigerian troops occupied Bayelsa and Delta states as the Ijaw Youth Congress (IYC) mobilized for Operation Climate Change.  Soldiers entered the Bayelsa, the state capital of Yenagoa, announced they had come because youths trying to stop the oil companies. On the morning of December 30, two thousand young people processed through Yenagoa, dressed in black, singing and dancing. Soldiers opened fire with rifles, machine guns, and tear gas, killing at least three protesters and arresting twenty-five more. After a march demanding the release of those detained was turned back by soldiers, three more protesters were shot dead including Nwashuku Okeri and Ghadafi Ezeifile. The military declared a state of emergency throughout Bayelsa State, imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew, and banned meetings. At military roadblocks, local residents were severely beaten or detained. At night, soldiers invaded private homes, terrorizing residents with beatings and raping the women and girls.
On January 4, 1999, about one hundred soldiers from the military base at Chevron's Escravos facility attacked Opia and Ikiyan, two Ijaw communities in Delta State. Bright Pablogba, the traditional leader of Ikiyan, who came to the river to negotiate with the soldiers, was shot along with a seven-year-old girl and possibly dozens of others. Of the approximately 1,000 people living in the two villages, four people were found dead and sixty-two were still missing months after the attack. The same soldiers set the villages ablaze, destroyed canoes and fishing equipment, killed livestock, and destroyed churches and religious shrines.
Nonetheless, Operation Climate Change continued, and disrupted Nigerian oil supplies through much of 1999 by turning off valves through Ijaw territory. In the context of high conflict between the Ijaw and the Nigerian Federal Government (and its police and army), the military carried out the Odi massacre, killing scores if not hundreds of Ijaws.
Subsequent actions by Ijaws against the oil industry included both renewed efforts at nonviolent action and attacks on oil installations and foreign oil workers.

Creation of the Niger Delta Development Commission (2000–2003)
The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) was established in 2000 by President Olusegun Obasanjo with the sole mandate of developing the petroleum-rich Niger-Delta region of southern Nigeria. Since its inauguration, the NDDC has focused on the development of social and physical infrastructures, ecological/environmental remediation and human development. The NDDC was created largely as a response to the demands of the population of the Niger Delta, a populous area inhabited by a diversity of minority ethnic groups. During the 1990s these ethnic groups, most notably the Ijaw and the Ogoni established organizations to confront the Nigerian government and multinational oil companies such as Shell. The minorities of the Niger Delta have continued to agitate and articulate demands for greater autonomy and control of the area's petroleum resources.

Timeline
Emergence of armed groups in Niger Delta (2003–2004)
The ethnic unrest and conflicts of the late 1990s (such as those between the Ijaw, Urhobo and Itsekiri), coupled with a peak in the availability of small arms and other weapons, led increasingly to the militarization of the Delta. Local and state officials offered financial support to the paramilitary groups they believed would attempt to enforce their own political agenda. Conflagrations have been concentrated primarily in Delta and Rivers States.Prior to 2003, the epicenter of regional violence was Warri. However, after the violent convergence of the largest military groups in the region, the Niger Delta People's Volunteer Force (NDPVF) led by Mujahid Dokubo-Asari and the Niger Delta Vigilantes (NDV) led by Ateke Tom (both of which are primarily made up of Ijaws), conflict became focused on Port Harcourt and outlying towns. The two groups dwarf a plethora of smaller militias, supposedly numbering more than one hundred. The Nigerian government classifies these groups as "cults", but many began as local university fraternities. The groups have adopted names largely based on Western culture, some of which include Icelanders, Greenlanders, KKK, and Vikings. All of the groups are constituted mostly by disaffected young men from Warri, Port Harcourt, and their suburban areas. Although the smaller groups are autonomous, they have formed alliances with and are largely controlled from above by either Asari and his NDPDF or Tom's NDV, who provide military support and instruction.
The NDPVF was founded by Asari, a former president of the Ijaw Youth Council, in 2003 after he "retreated into the bush" to form the group with the explicit goal of acquiring control of regional petroleum resources. The NDPFV attempted to control such resources primarily through oil "bunkering", a process in which an oil pipeline is tapped and the oil extracted onto a barge. Oil corporations and the Nigerian state point out that bunkering is illegal; militants justify bunkering, saying they are being exploited and have not received adequate profits from the profitable but ecologically destructive oil industry. Bunkered oil can be sold for profit, usually to destinations in West Africa, but also abroad. Bunkering is a fairly common practice in the Delta but in this case the militia groups are the primary perpetrators.The intense confrontation between the NDPVF and NDV seems to have been brought about by Asari's political falling out with the NDPVF's financial supporter Peter Odili, governor of Rivers State following the April 2003 local and state elections. After Asari publicly criticized the election process as fraudulent, the Odili government withdrew its financial support from the NDPVF and began to support Tom's NDV, effectively launching a paramilitary campaign against the NDPVF.
Subsequent violence occurred chiefly in riverine villages southeast and southwest of Port Harcourt, with the two groups fighting for control of bunkering routes. The conflagrations spurred violent acts against the local population, resulting in numerous deaths and widespread displacement. Daily civilian life was disrupted, forcing schools and economic activity to shut down, widespread property destruction resulted.
The state campaign against the NDPVF emboldened Asari who began publicly articulating populist, anti-government views and attempted to frame the conflict in terms of pan-Ijaw nationalism and "self-determination." Consequently, the state government escalated the campaign against him by bringing in police, army, and navy forces that began occupying Port Harcourt in June 2004.
The government forces collaborated with the NDV during the summer, and were seen protecting NDV militiamen from attacks by the NDPVF. The state forces failed to protect the civilian population from the violence and actually increased the destruction of citizens' livelihood. The Nigerian state forces were widely reported to have used the conflict as an excuse to raid homes, claiming that innocent civilians were cahoots with the NDPVF. Government soldiers and police obtained and destroyed civilian property by force. The NDPVF also accused the military of conducting air bombing campaigns against several villages, effectively reducing them to rubble, because they were believed to be housing NDPVF soldiers. The military denies this, claiming they engaged in aerial warfare only once in a genuine effort to wipe out an NDPVF stronghold.
Innocent civilians were also killed by NDPVF forces firing indiscriminately in order to engage their opponents. At the end of August 2004 there were several particularly brutal battles over the Port Harcourt waterfront; some residential slums were completely destroyed after the NDPVF deliberately burned down buildings. By September 2004, the situation was rapidly approaching a violent climax which caught the attention of the international community.

Nigerian oil crisis (2004–2006)
After launching a mission to wipe out NDPVF, approved by President Olusegun Obasanjo in early September 2004, Mujahid Dokubo-Asari declared "all-out war" with the Nigerian state as well as the oil corporations and threatened to disrupt oil production activities through attacks on wells and pipelines. This quickly caused a major crisis the following day on September 26, 2004, as Shell evacuated 235 non-essential personnel from two oil fields, cutting oil production by 30,000 barrels per day (4,800 m3/d).
Nigeria was the world's tenth largest oil exporter. The abundant oil reserves resulted in widespread exploitation. The Niger Delta region encompasses about 8% of Nigeria's landmass and is the largest wetlands region on the African continent. Oil drilling in the region began in the 1950s. In the beginning, the oil drilling in the region really stimulated Nigeria's economy and was extremely beneficial to the country. Numerous multinational corporations established oil operations in the region and made a conscious effort to not violate any environmental or human rights regulations. Shell began drilling in the Niger Delta region in 1956. Over time, Shell's presence in Nigeria has been very detrimental.These negative consequences are the result of thousands of oil spills, human rights violations, environmental destruction, and corruption. Over the past half century, Nigeria has become a plutocracy; political power is concentrated solely in the hands of the socioeconomic elite. Shell's strong presence has played a major role in the absence of democracy in Nigeria. According to the documentary Poison Fire, one and a half million tons of oil have been discharged into the Delta's farms, forests, and rivers since oil drilling began in 1956. This is equivalent to 50 Exxon Valdez disasters. Hundreds of kilometers of rain forest have been destroyed by the oil spills. When petroleum is discharged into the soil, the soil becomes acidic, which disrupts photosynthesis and kills trees because their roots are not able to get oxygen. Moreover, the fish population has also been negatively affected by oil drilling. The region is home to over 250 different fish species, and 20 of these species are found nowhere else in the world. If oil spills continue at this rate entire species will become extinct and the entire Nigerian fishing industry will be decimated.
The oil spills in the Niger Delta also have negative implications on local human health. A primary cause of this is the effect crude oil spills have on crops in the given area. According to a Stanford University article, Oil Pollution in the Niger Delta, there has been an estimation of 240,000 barrels of oil being spilled annually onto the Niger Delta region. Therefore, the prolificacy of this soil is prone to producing crops that contain higher amounts of metal than they would otherwise. Crops that prevailed in the oil spill, such as the pumpkin and the cassava, increased in lead absorption by over 90%. Human Health Effects of Heavy Metals addresses the harm lead and other metals can cause after strenuous exposure. Lead is a heavy metal that accumulates around regions that produce extreme amounts of fossil fuels and seep into products of consumption. Consuming lead is toxic enough to affect every organ and nervous system in the human body. Other detriments include the development of anemia, pregnancy miscarriages, wearing of body joints, and reduction of sperm efficiency. Another detrimental result of crude oil spills in the region is an increase of exposure to radiation, making individuals more prone to developing cancer. Due to the circumstances, the Niger Delta is only capable of producing small portions of food unaffected by oil spills. This has increased hunger in families and individuals of all ages, leading to a country of predominant malnutrition. There is also a higher demand for food of good quality, but not enough monetary income, which leads to sex exchanges that ultimately transmit diseases such as HIV/AIDS, and increase teenage pregnancy and illegal abortions. Citizens briefly mention their bodily experience when consuming local crops and protein in the HBO documentary, The Battle Raging in Nigeria over Control of Oil.
The implications on local human health are a direct consequence of environmental changes. As a result, there has been an influx of legal Acts and non-governmental organizations(NGOs) established between the early 80's and the early 2000s to reduce the crude oil damage in the Niger region. Part IV of Nigeria's Oil Pipelines Act (1990) addresses the laws of compensation for any damage done to the Nigerian community; oil companies are legally obligated by the judicial court to repay the country for harming their infrastructure and environment, so long as these affected regions are occupied by local people. In the year 2000, the Niger Delta Development Commission(NDDC) was entrenched on the region with the purpose of encouraging environmental relief, preventing pollution, as well as locating and removing any inhibitions to community advancement. Developed in 1981 was one of the first NGO's to dedicate work towards oil spills, the Clean Nigeria Associates(N.C.A.). The N.C.A. currently consists of fifteen oil companies who attempt to tackle any pollutants that are being spilled into the Niger Delta's bodies of water. Multilateralism also plays a key role in the act of restoring the region. The United States provides the Nigerian Navy with equipped patrol boats to prevent oil smugglers from entering, leaving, or engaging in any business in the area. Though action has been taken in the previous years, the Niger Delta continues to experience environmental and physical detriments with little to no legitimate interference from the oil companies involved.

Royal Dutch Shell controversy
Platform London, Friends of the Earth Netherlands (Milieudefensie) and Amnesty International have launched international campaigns aimed at having Shell clean the oil spills in the Delta. The organisations are concerned about the economic and health consequences for the people in the region. Shell's inability to respond effectively has led Friends of the Earth Netherlands and Amnesty International to believe it actively contributes to the human rights violations in the region. Because of the large area affected, the environmental consequences are vast.

Piracy and kidnappings (2006–2014)
Starting in October 2012, Nigeria experienced a large spike in piracy off its coast. By early 2013 Nigeria became the second most-pirated nation in Africa, after Somalia. The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta is thought to be behind most of the attacks. Since October 2012, MEND has hijacked 12 ships, kidnapped 33 sailors, and killed 4 oil workers. Since this started the United States has sent soldiers to train Nigerian soldiers in maritime tactics against pirates. Since this 33 pirates have been captured. Although the Nigerian Navy now has learned new tactics to use against pirates, attacks still occur on an almost regular basis.
Since 2006, militant groups in Nigeria's Niger Delta, especially the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), have resorted to taking foreign employees of oil companies hostage. More than 200 foreigners have been kidnapped since 2006, though most were released unharmed.

Military crackdown (2008–2009)
In August 2008, the Nigerian government launched a massive military crackdown on militants. They patrolled waters and hunted for militants, searched all civilian boats for weapons, and raided numerous militant hideouts.On May 15, 2009, a military operation undertaken by a Joint Task Force (JTF) began against MEND militants operating in the Niger Delta region. It came in response to the kidnapping of Nigerian soldiers and foreign sailors in the Delta region. Thousands of Nigerians have fled their villages and hundreds of people may be dead because of the offensive.

Presidential amnesty program (2009–2016)
Pipeline attacks had become common during the insurgency in the Niger Delta, but ended after the government on June 26, 2009, announced that it would grant amnesty and an unconditional pardon to militants in the Niger Delta which would last for 60 days beginning on August 6, 2009, ending October 4, 2009. Former Nigerian President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua signed the amnesty after consultation with the National Council of State. During the 60-day period, armed youths were required to surrender their weapons to the government in return for training and rehabilitation by the government. The program has been continued into the present. Militants led their groups to surrender weapons such as rocket-propelled grenades, guns, explosives, and ammunition. Even gunboats have been surrendered to the government. Over 30,000 purported members signed up between October 2009 and May 2011 in exchange for monthly payments and in some cases lucrative contracts for guarding the pipelines. Though the programme has been extended through this year, the new government of Muhammadu Buhari sees it as a potentially enabling corruption and so feels that cannot be continued indefinitely. The amnesty office has worked to reintegrate the fighters into society, primarily by placing and sponsoring them in vocational and higher education courses in Nigeria and abroad.The Presidential Amnesty Program (PAP) program proved to be a success, with violence and kidnappings decreasing sharply. Petroleum production and exports have increased from about 700,000 barrels per day (bpd) in mid-2009 to between 2.2 and 2.4 million bpd since 2011. However, the program is costly and chronic poverty and catastrophic oil pollution that which fueled the earlier rebellion, remain largely unaddressed. With Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan's defeat in the March 2015 elections, the amnesty program seemed likely to end in December 2015 and with patronage to former militant leaders terminated, local discontent is deepening.

2016 escalation
A February 2016 explosion in a pipeline operated by Shell Petroleum Development Corporation, a Royal Dutch Shell subsidiary to the Shell Forcados export terminal halted both production and imports. Speculation centered on militants using divers. Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu, the minister of state for petroleum and the head of Nigeria's oil company, said Nigerian production was down 300,000 barrels a day as a result. On May 11, 2016, Shell closed its Bonny oil facility. Three soldiers guarding the installation were killed in an attack, said Col. Isa Ado of the Joint Military Force. A bomb had closed down Chevron's Escravos GTL facility a week earlier. On May 19, 2016, ExxonMobil's Qua Iboe shut down and evacuated its workers due to militant threats.The Niger Delta Avengers (NDA), a militant group in the Niger Delta, publicly announced its existence in March 2016. The NDA have attacked oil-producing facilities in the delta, causing the shutdown of oil terminals and a fall in Nigeria's oil production to its lowest level in twenty years. The attacks caused Nigeria to fall behind Angola as Africa's largest oil producer. The reduced oil output has hampered the Nigerian economy and destroyed its budget, since Nigeria depends on the oil industry for nearly all its government revenue.In late August 2016, NDA declared a ceasefire and agreed to negotiate with the Nigerian government. After declaration of ceasefire by Niger Delta Avengers, Reformed Egbesu Fraternities comprising the three militants groups Egbesu Boys of the Niger Delta, Egbesu Red Water Lions and Egbesu Mightier Fraternity; announced a 60-day ceasefire.On August 9, 2016, Niger Delta Greenland Justice Mandate declared its existence and threatened to destroy refineries in Port Harcourt and Warri within 48 hours, as well as a gas plant in Otu Jeremi within a few days. The next day, the group reportedly blew up a major oil pipeline operated by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) in Isoko.On August 12, 2016, the group warned that it will blow up additional oil installations in the future.On August 19, 2016, the group reportedly blew up two pipelines belonging to NPDC in the Delta State.On August 30, 2016, the group blew up the Ogor-Oteri oil pipeline. On 4 September, the group claimed it had rigged all marked oil and gas facilities with explosives and warned residents living near them to evacuate

Biafran insurgency
From early 2021, Niger Delta militant groups such as the "Niger Delta People's Salvation Force" led by Asari-Dokubo joined an insurgency in Southeastern Nigeria which pitted Biafran separatists against Nigerian security forces, armed Fulani herders, and bandits. Asari-Dokubo formed the "Biafra Customary Government" (BCG) in March 2021. Igbos in the Niger Delta also joined the Biafran insurgency. Meanwhile, the Niger Delta Avengers continued to target and destroy pipelines, while local bandit groups exploited the unrest to stage raids.

See also
References
Further reading
Obi, Cyril and Siri Aas Rustad (2011). Oil and insurgency in the Niger Delta : managing the complex politics of petro-violence. London: Zed Books. ISBN 978-1-84813-808-7.
Maier, Karl (2002). This House Has Fallen: Nigeria in Crisis (illustrated, reprint ed.). Westview Press. ISBN 9780813340456.
Lorne Stockman; James Marriott; Andrew Rowell (3 Nov 2005). The Next Gulf: London, Washington and Oil Conflict in Nigeria. Constable & Robinson Ltd. ISBN 978-1845292591.
Peel, Michael (24 Mar 2011). A Swamp Full of Dollars: Pipelines and Paramilitaries at Nigeria's Oil Frontier (illustrated, reprint ed.). I.B.Tauris. ISBN 978-1848858404.

External links
SPECIAL REPORT: Checkmating the Resurgence of Oil Violence in the Niger Delta of Nigeria  Journal of Energy Security, May 2010
Peace and Security in the Niger Delta: Baseline Study WAC Global Services Baseline Study, December 2003
Other Separatist Groups - MASSOB-Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra
"Blood Oil" by Sebastian Junger in Vanity Fair, February 2007 (accessed 28 January 2007)
Nigerian Oil -- "Curse of the Black Gold: Hope and Betrayal in the Niger Delta"—article from National Geographic Magazine (February 2007)
A Look At the Fight Over Nigeria's Natural Resources December 26, 2006The 1995 EA-Generali Ladies Linz was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Intersport Arena in Linz, Austria that was part of Tier III of the 1995 WTA Tour. It was the 9th edition of the tournament was held from 20 February through 26 February 1995. First-seeded Jana Novotná won the singles title.

Finals
Singles
Jana Novotná defeated  Barbara Rittner 6–7, 6–3, 6–4

It was Novotná's 3rd title of the year and the 66th of her career.

Doubles
Meredith McGrath /  Nathalie Tauziat defeated  Iva Majoli /  Petra Schwarz 6–1, 6–2

It was McGrath's 2nd title of the year and the 20th of her career. It was Tauziat's 1st title of the year and the 12th of her career.

External links
WTA tournament edition details
ITF tournament edition detailsOne of the major depositional strata in the Himalaya is the Lesser Himalayan Strata from the Paleozoic to Mesozoic eras. It had a quite different marine succession during the Paleozoic, as most parts of it are sparsely fossiliferous or even devoid of any well-defined fossils. Moreover, it consists of many varied lithofacies, making correlation work more difficult. This article describes the major formations of the Paleozoic – Mesozoic Lesser Himalayan Strata, including the Tal Formation, Gondwana Strata, Singtali Formation and Subathu Formation.

Geological background
The Himalayan mountain chain is a fold and thrust belt that can be divided into four units bounded by thrusts from south to north: the Sub-Himalaya, Lesser Himalaya, Greater Himalaya and Tethyan Himalaya. The Lesser Himalayan Zone has a lower relief and elevation of the mountains compared to Greater Himalaya. The Lesser Himalaya Sequence (LHS) is bounded by two main thrusts: the Main Central Thrust (MCT) in the north and the Main Boundary Thrust (MBT) in the south.

The main layers of the LHS includes non-fossiliferous, low-grade, metasedimentary rocks, metavolcanic strata and augen gneiss. These have been dated as an age ranging from 1870 Ma to 520 Ma (i.e. Proterozoic to Cambrian). Near the end of the Early Cambrian, there was a regional diastrophism (i.e. deformation of the Earth's crust) or crustal movement that heaved up the Indian subcontinent, interrupting the sedimentation in the Lesser Himalaya and causing a widespread unconformity in Nepal. This is known as the Great Lesser Himalayan Unconformity, which separates the older LHS from the overlying younger LHS that has an age of Permian to Middle Eocene.During the Paleozoic and Mesozoic, the LHS starts from the basal Tal Formation, which is part of the Outer Lesser Himalayan sequence in the Garhwal Himalaya. The Tal was deposited between the period of the Late Proterozoic to Palaeozoic Cambrian. After that, there was a great hiatus between the Middle Proterozoic rocks and the overlying Palaeocene-Eocene strata. This indicates that the LHS experienced a long period of denudation or non-deposition in the Western Himalaya (e.g. in the Jumla area), resulting in missing Gondwana Strata in Jumla during the Mesozoic (see more in the table of "Gondwana Strata of LHS in Western and Central Nepal"). In the Central and Eastern Himalaya, Gondwana strata from the Permian to Paleocene were preserved unconformably onto the older LHS. The next succession of the LHS in the Garhwal Himalaya comes to the Singtali Formation, which was deposited from the Late Cretaceous to Palaeocene, followed by the Subathu Formation, which was deposited from the Late Palaeocene to Middle Eocene, marking the start of Cenozoic Era.
Table showing the major formations discussed in the following sections:

Tal Formation
The Tal Formation belongs to the Mussoorie Group of Outer Lesser Himalaya of Garhwal in northwestern India. It is well exposed along the Krol Belt, and is overlying the Precambrian Krol Group.The Tal in the Mussoorie Synform can be divided into the Lower Tal and Upper Tal. For the Lower Tal, there are four subdivisions: the Chert, Argillaceous, Arenaceous and Calcareous Units. The basal black shale succession with sandy limestone represents a depositional environment of a protected lagoon or embayment, while the overlying siltstone is deposited in a mud flat of an intertidal zone.The Upper Tal can be subdivided into lower quartzitic sequence and upper thick calcareous sequence containing abundant fragmentary shells of bivalves, gastropods, bryozoa, etc. The Phulchatti quartzite succession represents the deposits of a shoal environment, while the uppermost shell limestone sequence indicates an increasing energy of the shallow tidal sea, and a marine transgression in the Cretaceous.There is an increase of energy for deposition from the Lower Tal to the Upper Tal. Because of the lack of well-defined body fossils in the Tal, it has been proposed that the deposits of the Tal were formed in the Late Precambrian near Precambrian-Cambrian transition, except for the uppermost Manikot Shell Limestone, which has been proposed to have been formed in the Late Cretaceous and unconformably overlain by the Subathu Formation in the Tal Valley, Garhwal Himayala.The details of lithologies and depositional environment of Tal Formation are shown in the table below:

Gondwana strata
Gondwana strata are not exposed in the Garhwal Himalaya after the Tal Formation owing to the great hiatus; some outcrops can be found in Central and Eastern Himalaya during Late Paleozoic to Mesozoic times.

Central Himalaya – Central and Western Nepal
In Nepal, the older LHS with age ranging from the Paleoproterozoic to uppermost Precambrian are separated from the younger LHS by the Great Lesser Himalayan Unconformity. Missing Early Proterozoic strata of the LHS suggest that the rocks may have been eroded before the deposition of the Gondwana strata. Younger continental facies Gondwana strata were first deposited after the unconformity. They are then unconformably overlain by a marine facies Tertiary Unit. The Gondwana strata are mainly developed within two zones in Nepal in the central Himalaya. The first is in central Nepal, where several outcrops of the Tansen Group can be found. The second is in western Nepal, where the Gondwana strata are exposed in the Jumla–Humla basins near the Tethyan Himalaya.The Tansen area contains Gondwana sediments that are identified by the presence of fossils. Two major formation can be found there. They are older Sisne Formation (or the Lower Gondwanas) and younger Taltung and Amile formations (or the Upper Gondwanas). The  Sisne Formation is dominated by glacial diamictite and fluvial deposits. In the upper part of the formation, shales are found to contain fenstellid bryozoan fossils, indicating that the Lower Gondwanas in central Nepal dates from the Late Carboniferous to the Permian.The Upper Gondwanas are further subdivided into the Taltung and Amile formations. The Taltung Formation is characterised by coarse-grained, volcaniclastic conglomerates, sandstones and silty shales. They were deposited by northwestward-flowing fluvial channels. Abundant plant fossils are found in the Taltung Formation, and they are dated to the Late Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous. The Amile Formation is unconformably overlying the Taltung Formation. It is dominated by white quartz arenites, quartz pebble sandstones, carbonaceous shales and limestones with coral, mollusc and vertebrate fossils. In the upper part of the formation, an abrupt change of lithology from thick, coarse-grained quartzose sandstones to interbedded layers of black marine shales and fine-grained quartzose sandstones are observed. This is probably the contact between the Upper Amile Formation and the overlying Bhainskati Formation of the Tertiary Unit. The Amile Formation is dated to the Early Cretaceous to Early Paleocene, while the Bhainskati Formation is biostratigraphically dated as from the Middle to Late Eocene.In the Jumla area of western Nepal, Gondwana strata unconformably overly the caronbate rocks of the Uppermost Nawakot Unit of Mesoproterozoic age. The Gondwanas here are characterized by quartzose sandstones, black shales, quartz pebble conglomerates as well as coal and lignite. They are dated as Jurassic to Paleocene. The lithology of Gondwanas here is quite similar to that of the Amile Formation in central Nepal. Also, the Gondwana Unit is overlain by the Bhainskati Formation of the Tertiary Unit, similar to the situation in central Nepal.
However, in fact, the Gondwana Unit is not very well developed in the Jumla area. The strata with lithology similar to that of the Taltung Formation and Lower Gondwanas are missing here. In other words, the LHS in the Jumla area is lacking a part of the Gondwana Unit of age ranging from Late Carboniferous-Permian to Early Cretaceous. This is probably due to a greater effect by the Great Lesser Himalayan Unconformity in the Jumla area than in the Tansen area.

Eastern Himalaya – Bhutan
Compared with Nepal, the Gondwana strata are exposed in a relatively smaller area in Bhutan. In southeastern Bhutan, the basal LHS begins with the metamorphic Daling-Shumar Group, followed by the Baxa Group that is characterized by quartzite, phyllite and dolomite succession of Neoproterozoic to probably Cambrian age. The bottom of the Gondwana Units (Diuri Formation) is then directly overlying the Baxa Group.
Generally, there are three main formations of Gondwana Units exposed in southeastern Bhutan. The bottom one is the Diuri Formation with Proterozoic to Permian ages. It consists of conglomerate, quartzite, phyllite as well as diamictite with interbedded slates. At the base of this formation, pebbles are composed of quartzite and siliceous dolomite. They are embedded in a fine quartzite matrix. The thicker beds of slate and phyllite are overlying the conglomerate layers. Clear schistosity can be observed. The diamictite found implies a source of glacial origin. It is probably correlated to the glaciation event of the Gondwana supercontinent during the Late Paleozoic.The Diuri Formation is then overlain by the Setikhola Formation, which is characterized by feldspathic sandstone, shale, graywacke, coal lenses and plant fossils. One sequence consists of interbedding of sandstone and shale and is intensely bioturbated with flames structures observed as well. This indicates a depositional environment of beach or mudflat. Also, another sequence of interbedding calcareous greywacke and carbonaceous shale is found. Ripples and cross-laminae can be observed on the greywacke, while small-scaled sun cracks and slump folds can be seen on shale. It is proposed that this sequence has a depositional environment of semi-isolated basin. The marine fossils contained here indicate a Permian age of the Setikhola Formation.The uppermost Gondwana unit is the Damudas Sub-Group, which is characterized by arenite, shale, slate and black coal beds. In fact, the Setikhola Formation and Damudas Sub-Group are together termed as the Gondwana succession. The bedrock of the Damudas Sub-Group is made up of gritty, micaceous and cross-laminated sandstones. These friable sandstone layers are interbedded with coal beds that have been sheared and crushed. Abundant plant fossils like fern leaves can be found on the carbonaceous shale, characterising the Damuda coalfields and indicating a Permian age. Generally, the strata here are lenticular and display a fining-upwards sequence. In tectonic context, it is proposed that the Gondwana strata here have experienced post—Gondwana orogenic movements, resulting in folded rocks followed by overturned beddings.

Singtali and Subathu formations
Following a sedimentary break or unconformity, the Singtali and Subathu formations were deposited as foreland basin sediments in the Garhwal Outer Lesser Himalaya during the Late Cretaceous to Middle Palaeocene. Both formations can be found overlying the Tal Formation in an extremely complex structural setting including isoclinal overturned folding and multiple thrusting events. In addition, with the similarities of the lithology as well as depositional environment, it is sometimes quite difficult to distinguish between the Singtali and Subathu Formations. The main difference discussed in the following is related to the tectonic events during their deposition.

Singtali Formation
The Singtali Formation belongs to the Sirmur Group of the Outer Lesser Himalaya of Garhwal. It is also called "Upper Tal" as the uppermost Manikot Shell Limestone, however, this formation is distinct from the basement Tal Formation upon which it rests unconformably. Its main lithology is dominated by sandy, oolitic and shelly limestones with subordinate quartz arenites. Medium-bedded massive strata are predominant and no sedimentary structures are visible. The Singtali Formation has been assigned as a Late Cretaceous-Palaeocene age based on faunal evidence. In terms of depositional environment, the dominance of limestone in the Singtali Formation and sparse fauna would imply shallow marine conditions at that time. A high-energy, agitated environment can be inferred from the presence of ooids.

Subathu Formation or Group
The Subathu Formation also belongs to the Sirmur Group of the Outer Lesser Himalaya of Garhwal. In 2020 literature it is referred to as Subathu Group. It is a sequence of limestones, green mudrocks and subordinate sandstones, and has been paleontologically dated as from Late Palaeocene to Middle Eocene. The rocks are rich in fossils. The limestones with normal marine fauna and thick mudstones with well preserved, burrowing-type molluscs indicate a quiet, relatively shallow shelf environment during the period of deposition. This depositional environment is similar to that of the Singtali Formation. The Subathu contains the oldest Himalayan foreland basin rocks. Near the Krol and Garhwal thrusts in northeastern India, the Subathu Formation exists as a narrow and discontinuous strip, indicating that it has experienced extremely high tectonic shearing and shattering as a result of overthrusting of rocks. Consequently, the Subathu Formation is only partially preserved in the Krol nappe and under the Garhwal thrust, and unconformably overlies the Tal Formation.

Distinctions between the Singtali and Subathu Formations
In the Singtali Formation times (Late Cretaceous-Palaeocene), the Indian craton submerged and stable shallow marine conditions ensued. This event is possibly related to flexure, such that the Spontang ophiolite was obducted onto the Northern Indian Plate margin. One more possible explanation is related to extensional tectonics, such that India has drifted and detached from Gondwana, and northwards subduction of the Neotethys (Tethys Ocean) beneath Asia occurred. Therefore, the Singtali Formation has been interpreted as pre-collisional transgressive sediments, at the same time there was a global eustatic sea level rise during the Late Cretaceous.The tectonic setting of the Subathu Formation is different from that of the Singtali Formation. It was deposited during the suturing of India and Eurasia, between the initial and terminal continental collision. The inferred pattern of northward shallowing and reduced sedimentation conflicts with classic foreland basin models. However, these depositional patterns may reflect basement fault reactivation, giving rise to paleohighs, rather than simply crustal loading following on from the collision.
Their individual tectonic significance related to foreland basin evolution are discussed in greater detail in the next section. The general similarities and differences between the Singtali and Subathu formations are shown in the table below:

Geological significance during Paleozoic to Mesozoic times
Gondwana strata
In the Nepal Himalaya, the Lower Gondwana glacial diamictite is unconformably overlain by the fluvial Taltung Formation (Upper Gondwana), which contains abundant plant fossils distributed widely within the Tansen area. Alkali basalt lava flows are interbedded with the fluvial beds in the Lower Taltung. Gravelly braided river facies are shown in the Lower Taltung while silty meandering river facies are displayed in the Upper Taltung, as a result, the sequence is fining upwards. The strata were deposited in a terrestrial basin on Gondwana.Because of the appearance of glacial diamictite and index plant fossils found in the Lower and Upper Gondwanas respectively, it has been proposed that the Lesser Himalaya had been a part of Gondwanaland during the Permian to Cretaceous. Later on, the presence of basaltic lava flows indicate a tectonic setting related to basaltic volcanism as the volcanic clasts were derived from the underlying lava and transported by rivers from Gondwana land. The interbedding layers of fluvial sediments and basaltic lava bands imply that there was repeated occurrence of basaltic eruption and erosion and sedimentation of fluvial deposits alternatively. These events were probably caused by breaking up and rifting of Gondwanaland during the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous.The whole sequence of Upper Gondwanas (including both the Taltung and Amile Formations) represents non-marine deposition. Data from the paleocurrent direction show that the sediments were derived from the south, because the Indian subcontinent was drifting northwards towards the Lesser Himalaya. After that, the Bhainskati Formation was deposited in shallow marine environment. The upper Bhainskati has been found to have been deposited in a brackish or fresh water environment, indicating a gradual and minor regression period. The regression phase was probably initiated by the sea level change in the northern Neotethys. However, overall there were no significant changes in tectonic setting during the Early Cretaceous to Early Paleocene. In fact, the Bhainskati Formation is correlated to the Subathu Formation in the Garhwal Himalaya. The deposition of these marine facies in a shallow marine environment is associated with the foreland basin development.

Tectonic events related to Singtali Formation
The Early Tertiary geology of the Indian Lesser Himalaya conforms well with the classic foreland basin model. In Late Cretaceous times, this area of the northern region of the Indian Plate finally became submerged after a long period when sub-aerial conditions had dominated. This resulted in deposition of the marine Singtali Formation. A possible explanation for this event is that ophiolites such as the Spontang ophiolite were obducted onto the Indian Plate Zanskar continental shelf in the Campanian or Maastrichtian, resulting in downward displacement and flexure of the Indian Plate hundreds of kilometres to the south. Moreover, it has been proposed that the marine transgression is related to extensional tectonic setting, such that the Late Albian has detached from India and has started to drift from the Gondwana supercontinent, Also, the Neotethys has subducted northwards beneath Asia. This event is accompanied with the Late Cretaceous global eustatic sea-level high stand as well.

Tectonic events related to Subathu Formation
The initial contact between India and Eurasia have taken place at 62 – 60 Ma in the northwestern Himalayas, with terminal collision culminating by 55 Ma in the east. The Subathu Formation rocks were deposited during the suturing and initial collision of India and Eurasia.
However, the western intermediate structural level localities show a much thinner Subathu marine sequence compared to the eastern intermediate structural level localities and the lowest structural level. The thickness variations between the west and the east could be explained by the progressive suturing of India and Eurasia from northwest to east, with later suturing in the east allowing a longer period where marine conditions could predominate.
This progressive suturing, however, would not explain the thickness difference between the lowest and intermediate structural levels. As the intermediate structural level restores further to the north than the lower structural level, northward shallowing of the basin (i.e. towards the load) is implied. This is different from the theoretical model, where the depocentre is close to the load and shallows towards the craton. In the Lesser Himalayan early foreland basin, palaeohighs, which are resulted from basement fault reactivation, may have been located in the west between the load to the north and the marine Subathu basin to the south. This would result in shallowing towards, and reduced sedimentation on the palaeohigh, which coupled with the probable distal nature of the basin, therefore, explaining the thin sequences of the western intermediate structural level localities.
After suturing, fluvial facies are overlying the marine Subathu Formation. It is associated with the uplift of HImalaya and regression of sea in the Late Eocene.

See also
Geology of the Himalaya
Geology of Nepal
Himalayan foreland basin


The 1966 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 37th midseason exhibition between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and the National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was played on July 12, 1966, at then-new Busch Memorial Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri. 
The 10-inning contest – which was played on a memorably hot and humid afternoon in St. Louis, with a game-time temperature of 103 °F (39 °C) – resulted in a 2–1 victory for the NL.

Game summary
The teams managed just six hits apiece in a 10-inning game. A triple by Brooks Robinson in the second inning off Sandy Koufax was followed by a wild pitch, giving the American Leaguers a 1–0 lead. It turned out to be their only run.
The NL tied the score in the fourth against Jim Kaat on singles by Willie Mays, Roberto Clemente and Ron Santo. There would be no more runs until the 10th. Winning pitcher Gaylord Perry got out of a two-on, one-out jam by retiring Bobby Richardson on a pop foul and Bill Freehan with a strikeout. Pete Richert, pitching the bottom of the 10th, surrendered a base hit to Tim McCarver, a sacrifice bunt by Ron Hunt and a walk-off single to center by Maury Wills.
Playing the entire 10 innings at third base and getting three of his team's six hits, Brooks Robinson was named the game's most valuable player, even though he was on the losing side.

American League roster
The American League roster included 8 future Hall of Fame players.

Pitchers
Position players
Coaching staff
National League roster
The National League roster included 14 future Hall of Fame players & coaches.

Pitchers
Position players
Coaching staff
Game
Starting lineups
Umpires
Line score
References
External links
1966 All-Star Game baseball-almanac.com
1966 All-Star Game baseball-reference.comMohammad Rakip (born 14 May 2000) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Indian Super League club Mumbai City. He Also Represented India In The FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2017.

Club career
Early career
Rakip is a product of AIFF Elite Academy. In 2016 he was selected to play for the Indian Arrows, a team consisting of Indian under 17 players. Rakip was shortlisted in the probable list for the 2017 FIFA Under 17 World Cup, but didn't make it to the final squad.

Kerala Blasters
In 2017, Rakip became the first Indian U17 player to sign for an Indian Super League. He was first put into the reserve team of the Blasters and played in 8 games for the club with I-League 2nd Division. After an impressive performance there, he was promoted into the senior side in 2018. He made his debut for the club against ATK on 29 October 2019, which ended 2-1 in favour for the Blasters. He totally made 11 appearances  for the club during that season. After making 15 appearances for the blasters during the 2019–20 Indian Super League season, it was rumoured that Rakip did not want to sign a contract extension with the Blasters as he had offers from other ISL sides.

Mumbai City FC
On 20 October 2020, Mumbai City FC announced that they have signed Rakip on a two year deal. He made his debut for the club on 25 November 2020 against FC Goa.

Career statistics
As of 20 October 2019.

References
External sources
Mohammad Rakip at SoccerwayPanuku Development Auckland is one of the five council-controlled organisations (CCOs) of Auckland Council in Auckland, New Zealand.
Panuku buys, manages and sells property on behalf of the council and its CCOs. It does not develop the sites directly, but acts as the "master developer" to "unlock development potential for others." It has portfolios that range from small housing developments to long-term regeneration such as the Wynyard Quarter on Auckland's waterfront, and to redevelopment of town centres and malls.Panuku came into existence on 1 September 2015 with a board of 10 members. It was formed from a merger between Waterfront Auckland and Auckland Council Properties Limited (ACPL). The merged entity was briefly referred to as Development Auckland prior to its rebranding as Panuku.In October 2016, Panuku began limiting the amount of information it released about discussions behind its closed door board meetings. At that time, it was managing $1 billion worth of council-owned land and buildings.Panuku worked with the council's transport CCO Auckland Transport to re-house owners and tenants prior to the demolition of more than 60 properties in preparation for the construction of the Eastern Busway.As of March 2022, Panuku is involved in construction of a new mall in Ormiston in south Auckland, in conjunction with Todd Property. Nearby, 700 homes are being built by the partnership.On 1 November 2019, it was announced that CEO Roger MacDonald had resigned after a period of leave. The reason for the leave has not been made public. Mayor of Auckland Phil Goff, who was re-elected in October 2019, had expressed dissatisfaction with MacDonald over an $80,000 increase in his salary, an executive bonus scheme introduced by him, and his acceptance of hospitality from a company which bought the council's former headquarters building through Panuku.

Chief executive officers
John Dalzell – interim CEO from 1 September 2015, formerly head of Waterfront Auckland
Roger MacDonald – November 2016 – 1 November 2019
David Rankin (acting) – November 2019 –


Stephen Roche (; born 28 November 1959) is an Irish former professional road racing cyclist. In a 13-year professional career, he peaked in 1987, becoming the second of only two cyclists to win the Triple Crown of victories in the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia general classification, plus the World road race championship, the first was Eddy Merckx. Roche's rise coincided with that of fellow Irishman Sean Kelly.
Although one of the finest cyclists of his generation and admired for his pedalling style, he struggled with knee injuries and never contended in the Grand Tours post-1987. He had 58 professional career wins.  All of these wins still stand, despite Roche having been accused by an Italian judge of taking EPO in the later part of his career.

Early life and amateur career
On completion of his apprenticeship as a machinist in a Dublin dairy and following a successful amateur career in Ireland with the "Orwell Wheelers" club coached by Noel O'Neill of Dundrum (which included winning the Irish Junior Championship in 1977 and the Rás Tailteann in 1979), Roche joined the Athletic Club de Boulogne-Billancourt amateur team in Paris to prepare for the 1980 Olympic games in Moscow. Soon after his arrival Roche won the amateur Paris–Roubaix, escaping with Dirk Demol and sprinting to victory on the track at Roubaix. Roche was told by his directeur sportif that if he did not win he "would be sent home to Ireland that day".He also finished on the podium at the early-season Paris–Ezy road race and finished 14th overall in the Sealink International stage race which was won by Bob Downs. However, a knee injury caused by a poorly fitted shoe plate led to a disappointing ride in Moscow, where he finished 45th. However, on return to France, August to October saw Roche win 19 races. That led to a contract with the Peugeot professional cycling team for 1981.

Professional career
Roche scored his first professional victory by beating Bernard Hinault in the Tour of Corsica. Less than a month later he won Paris–Nice (where he became the first, and still the only, new pro to win Paris–Nice) despite illness following the descent from Mont Ventoux and finished his debut season with victories in the Tour de Corse, Circuit d'Indre-et-Loire and Étoile des Espoirs races with a second place behind Hinault in the Grand Prix des Nations. In total, his debut yielded 10 victories.
In 1982 his best performance was second in the Amstel Gold Race behind Jan Raas, but his rise continued in 1983 with victories in the Tour de Romandie, Grand Prix de Wallonie, Étoile des Espoirs and Paris–Bourges. In the 1983 Tour de France, Roche finished 13th and he finished the 1983 season with a bronze medal in the world cycling championship at Alterheim in Zurich.
In 1984, riding for La Redoute following contractual wrangles with Peugeot (the settlement of which led Roche to sport Peugeot shorts for two years before winning a court action against Vélo Club de Paris Peugeot) he repeated his Tour de Romandie win, won Nice-Alassio, Subida a Arrate and was second in Paris–Nice. He finished 25th in that year's Tour de France.In 1985, Roche won the Critérium International, the Route du Sud and came second in Paris–Nice and third in Liège–Bastogne–Liège. In the 1985 Tour de France Roche won stage 18 to the Aubisque and finished on the podium in 3rd position, 4 minutes and 29 seconds behind winner Bernard Hinault.

Chronic knee injury
In 1986 at a six-day event with UK professional Tony Doyle at Paris-Bercy, Roche crashed at speed and damaged his right knee. This destroyed his 1986 season at new team Carrera–Inoxpran with little to show other than second in a stage of the Giro. Roche finished the 1986 Tour de France 48th, 1h 32m behind Greg LeMond, a Tour that Roche described as like "entering a dark tunnel" of pain.The injury and then associated back problems recurred throughout his career (for example in the 1989 Tour Roche abandoned after banging the problem knee on his handlebars) and a series of operations appeared to only address direct or consequential symptoms of the core injury. Later non-surgical intervention under Dr.Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt in Munich made some difference but the injury required constant care.
By the end of his career Roche was unable to compete at his best because of back problem which led to a loss of power in the left leg. In retirement he described riding the 1993 Tour de France "just for fun". He finished 13th, riding for Claudio Chiappucci).

1987 Triple Crown
In 1987, Roche had a tremendous season. In the spring, he won the Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana, taking a third victory in the Tour de Romandie and fourth place plus a stage win in Paris–Nice. He also finished second in Liège–Bastogne–Liège, the closest he got to winning a professional 'Monument' Classic. He blamed it on tactical naiveté and "riding like an amateur".
In the Giro d'Italia, Roche took three stage wins (including a team win with Carrera Jeans–Vagabond in the team time trial) en route to overall victory and became the first Giro victor from outside mainland Europe. Roche's stage wins that year in the Giro were stage 1b, the 8 km (5.0 mi) time trial downhill on the Poggio into San Remo and stage 22, a 32 km (20 mi) individual time trial into St. Vincent. Despite his stage wins, the race is remembered for the stage from Lido di Jesolo to Sappada, where Roche, contravening team orders, broke away alone early and despite being caught late in the race, had the strength to go with the counterattack and take the pink jersey from his teammate Roberto Visentini, who had been previously leading the classification. His behaviour in the stage gained him the tifosi's hatred. It was said the only member of his team that Roche could rely on not to ride against him was his domestique Eddy Schepers, although Roche recruited Panasonic riders and old ACBB teammates Robert Millar and Australian Phil Anderson to protect him with Schepers on the Marmolada climb (a day known as the "Marmolada Massacre").
Roche finished the Giro exhausted but favourite for the Tour de France. Following Bernard Hinault's retirement, Laurent Fignon's choppy form and with Greg LeMond injured following an accidental shooting while hunting, the 1987 Tour was open. It was also one of the most mountainous since the war, with 25 stages. Roche won the 87.5 km (54.4 mi) individual time trial stage 10 to Futuroscope and came second on stage 19.
On stage 21, crossing the Galibier and Madeleine and finishing at La Plagne, Roche attacked early, was away for several hours but was caught on the last climb. His nearest rival Pedro Delgado then attacked. Despite being almost one-and-a-half minutes in arrears midway up the last climb, Roche pulled the deficit back to 4 seconds. Roche collapsed and lost consciousness and was given oxygen. When asked when revived if he was okay, he replied "Oui, mais pas de femme toute de suite" ("yes, but I am not ready for a woman straight away").The yellow jersey (worn by the leader of the general classification) changed hands several times with Charly Mottet, Roche, Jean François Bernard and Delgado all wearing it before Roche used the final 35 km (22 mi) time trial to overturn a half-minute gap and win the Tour by 40 seconds, which was at the time the second-narrowest margin (in 1968 Jan Janssen had beaten Herman Van Springel by 38 seconds; two years after Roche's victory, Greg LeMond beat Laurent Fignon by 8 seconds). Roche became only the fifth cyclist in history to win the Tour and the Giro in the same year. He was also the only Irishman to win the Tour de France. Irish Taoiseach Charles Haughey joined Roche on the podium on the Champs-Élysées.
Later that year, with victory at the World road race championship in Villach in Austria, Roche became only the second to win the Triple Crown of Cycling. Roche arrived with insufficient training although he worked during the 23-lap, 278 km (173 mi) undulating terrain for his teammate Sean Kelly and escaped in the race-winning break only while covering for his countryman. With Moreno Argentin in the following group, Kelly did not chase and as the break slowed and jostling for position began for a sprint, Roche attacked 500 m (1,600 ft) from the finish and crossed the line with metres to spare.Victory in the season-long Super Prestige Pernod International competition was assured.Roche was given the freedom of Dublin in late September 1987. Several days later the 1987 edition of the Nissan Classic began and Roche rode strongly to finish second behind Kelly.

Post-1987 career
At the close of 1987, Roche moved to Fagor MBK, bringing English riders Sean Yates and Malcolm Elliot, 1984 Tour de France King of the Mountains winner Robert Millar and domestique Eddy Schepers. The team was criticised for containing too many English speakers.
The 1988 season began badly with a recurrence of the knee injury and Roche began a gradual decline. In 1989 he again took second in Paris–Nice (making four second places) and the Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme. Roche finished the 1989 Giro d'Italia ninth behind Laurent Fignon. During the 1989 Tour de France, Roche withdrew due to his knee.
There were problems with his team in and he changed again. In 1990, racing for Histor Sigma, he won the Four Days of Dunkirk and 1991 riding for Roger De Vlaeminck's TonTon Tapis brought victories in the Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme and Critérium International. In the 1991 Tour de France, Roche missed the start for his team's Team time trial and was forced to withdraw due to controversially missing the time cut.In the Grand Tours, he was ninth in the 1989 Giro, and won a stage of the 1992 Tour de France in appalling conditions into La Bourboule (again racing for Carrera Jeans–Vagabond but now in support of Claudio Chiappucci) and en route to a final ninth place. Riding the last edition of the Nissan Classic Tour of Ireland, Roche was in many breaks but finished fifth. A year later, he was again ninth in the 1993 Giro d'Italia and 13th in the 1993 Tour de France.Roche retired at the end of an anonymous 1993 which yielded a single win, in the post-Tour de France criterium at Chateau Chinon.

Doping
In May 1990, Paul Kimmage – a former professional and teammate of Roche at Fagor, as well as a fellow Dubliner – published an account of life in the peloton. His book Rough Ride exposed drug use apparently endemic in the peloton but spoke in fawning terms about Roche. Despite this, publication resulted in a threat of litigation from Roche.
It was reported in the Rome newspaper, La Repubblica, in January 2000 that Francesco Conconi, a professor at the University of Ferrara involved with administering erythropoietin (EPO) to riders on the Carrera team with which Roche had some of his best years, had provided riders including Roche with EPO. Roche denied the allegations. This was further reported in The Irish Times several days later, Roche again denying EPO. In March 2000 the Italian judge Franca Oliva published a report detailing the investigation into sports doctors including Conconi. This official judicial investigation unequivocally found that Roche was administered EPO in 1993, his last year in the peloton.
Files from part of the investigation allegedly detail a number of aliases for Roche including Rocchi, Rossi, Rocca, Roncati, Righi and Rossini. In 2004 Judge Oliva again alleged that Roche had taken EPO during 1993 but due to the statute of limitations, neither Roche nor his teammates at Carrera would be prosecuted.

Personal life
Roche lives in Antibes on the Côte d'Azur. Roche remained involved in the sport by founding cycling camps in Majorca, by taking part in race organisations and working as a commentator on cycling events for Eurosport.
He has four children with his former wife Lydia; the couple divorced in 2004. One son, Nicolas Roche, was a professional until his retirement in 2021, and was the 2009 and 2016 Irish National Road Race Champion.
Stephen's brother Lawrence Roche was also a professional cyclist who completed his only Tour de France in 1991. They were teammates on the Tonton Tapis–GB team.
Roche's nephew Dan Martin is also a professional cyclist with Israel Start-Up Nation, and was the 2008 Irish National Road Race Champion.
Roche completed the 2008 ING New York Marathon in a time of 4:21:09.

Advertisements
Roche featured in a well-known Irish television advert for Galtee cheese in 1987, shortly after winning the Tour De France.

Career achievements
Major results
General classification results timeline
References
Further reading
Roche, Stephen (2012). Born to Ride: The Autobiography of Stephen Roche. London: Random House. ISBN 978-0-224-09189-3.
Roche, Stephen (1987). My Road to Victory. Stanley Paul. ISBN 978-0-09-173738-2.

External links
Stephen Roche at Cycling Archives
Official Tour de France results for Stephen Roche
Stephen Roche's Cycling Camp in Majorca
Stephen Roche's Charity Cycling RaceWataru Takagi (高木 渉, Takagi Wataru, born July 25, 1966) is a Japanese actor and voice actor from Chiba Prefecture. He is affiliated with Arts Vision. He is best known for his roles in Detective Conan (as Genta Kojima and Wataru Takagi), After War Gundam X (as Garrod Ran), Slayers Try (as Valgaav), the Beast Wars: Transformers series (as Cheetor), Great Teacher Onizuka (as Eikichi Onizuka), Hajime no Ippo (as Masaru Aoki), Naruto (as Obito Uchiha), the fifth series of GeGeGe no Kitarō (as Nezumi Otoko), Yes! PreCure 5 (as Bunbee),  and more recently, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable (as Okuyasu Nijimura). Takagi is the official Japanese voice of Daffy Duck.

Career
He was a member of Katsuta Voice Actor's Academy.
In 2014, he performed the voice of John H. Watson in the puppetry Sherlock Holmes written by Kōki Mitani. 2 years later, he played Oyamada Shigemasa in the NHK Taiga drama Sanada Maru through Mitani's connection. It was his first appearance in a television drama.

Filmography
Anime
Video games
Television drama
Tokusatsu
Drama CDs
Dubbing roles
Live-action
Animation
References
External links
Official agency profile (in Japanese)
San-nin no Kai website (archive) (in Japanese)
Wataru Takagi  at Anime News Network's encyclopediaAndrei Vikentyevich Zygmantovich or Andrey Zyhmantovich (Belarusian: Андрэй Зыгмантовіч, Russian: Андрей Викентьевич Зыгмантович; born 2 December 1962) is a Belarusian football coach and a former player. He is currently the head coach of Belarus U19.
Mainly a defensive midfielder with good positioning and skills, he played for nearly a decade with Dinamo Minsk, also having abroad stints in the Netherlands (only one year) and Spain; in the early 2000s, he embarked on a coaching career.
Zygmantovich represented the Soviet Union at the 1990 World Cup and later played for Belarus.

Club career
Born in Minsk, Soviet Union, Zygmantovich started playing for FC Dinamo Minsk. In his second professional season, he appeared 30 times and netted twice to help his hometown side win the only Soviet League in their history, edging FC Dynamo Kyiv by one point. After a spell with FC Groningen, the 30-year-old returned to the club where he would spend most of his career.
In early 1993, Zygmantovich moved abroad again, now to Spain with Racing de Santander where he would play the next three full campaigns, teaming up with former compatriots (Russian) Ilshat Faizulin, Dmitri Popov and Dmitri Radchenko. In 1993–94, he was an instrumental element as the Cantabrians achieved one of their best ever finishes in La Liga (eighth).Zygmantovich started coaching in 2001 in his country, including the national team's under-19. In 2007, he moved to Lithuania with FBK Kaunas.

International career
Zygmantovich made his debut for the Soviet Union on 28 March 1984, in an exhibition game with West Germany. He represented the nation at the 1990 FIFA World Cup, scoring a goal against Cameroon (4–0, although in a final group stage exit) which turned out to be his last international game for the country.
Zygmantovich later appeared for Belarus in nine matches, his first being a 1–1 friendly draw with Ukraine in Minsk, on 28 October 1992.

International goals
Honours
Dinamo MinskSoviet Top League: 1982
Belarusian Premier League: 1992–93

References
External links
LegionerKulichi profile (in Russian)
RussiaTeam biography and profile (in Russian)
Andrei Zygmantovich at BDFutbol
Andrei Zygmantovich at National-Football-Teams.com
Andrei Zygmantovich – FIFA competition record (archived)
Andrei Zygmantovich at FootballDatabase.eu"Haute" is a song by American rapper Tyga. It was released on June 5, 2019 as the seventh single from his seventh album Legendary for streaming and digital download by Last Kings Music and Empire Distribution. The song was produced by Dr. Luke and includes two guest verses from reggaeton singer J Balvin and longtime collaborator Chris Brown. The music video was also released on June 5, 2019.

Charts


Mertensophryne lindneri (common names: Dar es Salaam toad, Lindners toad, Lindners dwarf toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae. It is found on the coastal lowlands of eastern Tanzania and northern Mozambique to southeastern Malawi, up to 650 m (2,130 ft) asl. Its habitats are woodlands, thickets, dry forests, farmland, and even rocky outcrops; it tolerates low-intensity cultivation. Its breeding habitat is unknown but presumably includes ponds or streams. It is considered uncommon but also difficult to observe, typically found after heavy rain. The intensification of agriculture and expanding human settlements are considered likely threats to it.


Life Festival is an annual Irish music festival held in Belvedere House and Gardens in Westmeath, Ireland, with arts activities and street performers, from jugglers, fire breathers to magicians. There is a healing area for massage, yoga workshops and reiki.

Awards
Best Irish Dance Festival in the first Irish Festival Awards in 2007 and 2009.
Nominated for the top 10 Small Festivals in the European Festival Awards 2009.
Best Dance Festival in Ireland (2007-2009-2010-2011-2012).
Top 10 Best Small Festivals of Europe (2010)
RA Top 10 Festivals May (2010-2011-2012).

Life Festival
Life Festival originated in Charleville Castle in 2006, it has gone on to become regarded as the premier underground electronic music event in Ireland.

Events
The 2006 event was held at Charleville Castle, around 500 people attended.
2007 and 2008 event held in Lough Cutra Castle (Gort – Galway), capacity increased to 2000 people.
2009 festival took place from 16–19 July 2009. Tickets cost £125 for the weekend, and tickets sold out on 14 July. The location for 2009's festival was Lough Cutra Castle. By moving to the new location (closer to Dublin), Life festival started to grow in attendance numbers.
The 2010 festival took place 29–31 May at Belvedere House Park and Gardens (Mullingar – Co. WestMeath).
2011 tickets went on sale on 12 January 2011. The festival took place on 27–29 May 2011.  
2012 festival took place on the 25th to 27 May 2012, at Belvedere house.
2013 festival took place on the 24th to 26 May 2013, at Belvedere House.

Change of site
Life festival has moved venue four times. Started in Charleville Castle (2006) then Lough Cutra Castle (Gort, Co. Galway) during 2007–2008, Ballinlough Castle (2009) and its home Belvedere House (Mullingar, Co. Westmeath) 2009.
Festival director Fernando Martin confirmed on 17 February 2013 that despite the rumours venue remains at Belvedere House, Park &Gardens.

Music
The festival's music genre is a mix of traditional music instruments backed with an electronic pulse, including live bands and Electronica: Psytrance, Dubstep, Drum&Bass, Techno, Reggae, Dub, Electro, Breaks, Minimal, and Progressive. 

2006: (9–11 June):  Hilight tribe, Peaking Goddess Collective, CPU, Aphid Moon..
2007 (15–17 June):: Dreadzone, Grooverider, Long Range, Krafty Kutz, and e-Skilz.
2008 (4–6 July): Finley Quay, Hallucinogen, Cold Cut, Dj Marky, Skream, Mala, Jape, Max Romeo.
2009 (20–22 July): Carl Craig, Green Velvet, Astrix, Goldie, Sebastien Leger, Altern8, Oscar Mulero, Andrew Weatherall, Daydin, Kindzadza, Caspa
2010 (18–20 May):  Infected Mushroom, (Old School set), Ricardo Villalobos, Chris Liebing, LTJ Bukem, Mc Conrad, Ben Sims, Surgeon, a.k.a. Frequency7, Mad Professor, Joker, Mc Nomad, Hilight Tribe, The Japanese Popstars, Boris Divider, Zion Train, Ancient Methods, Hatcha, Doc Scott, Massi DL, Neil Landstrumm, Exium .... and many many more...
2011 (16–19 May): Vitalic, Jeff Mills ( First ever Irish Festival show), John Digweed, Dr. Lektroluv, Slam, Johnny Clarke (Jamaica) with full Live Band, Youngsta, X-Dream VS The Delta (retro 90's set), Juno Reactor (dj set), Cafe Del Mar Positive, Ramadanman, Sandwell District, The Orb soundsystem, Ed Rush, Michael Prophet full Live Band, Zoo Project Ibiza party by the lake, Slam, mUmU party presents: Clive Henry (mUmu -Circoloco) & Dan Ghenacia ....
2012 (25–27 May): Ben Klock vs Marcel Dettmann, Jamie Jones, DJ Marky, Planetary Assault Systems, Engine-Earz Experiment, Matthias Tanzmann, Blawan, Emalkay, Martyn, Ace Ventura, Simphonix, Doc Daneeka & Benjamin Damage, Cosmin TRG, Lovebirds, Koxbox, Synkro, Ed Davenport, Nicholas, San Soda, Jovani, Bad Tango, Louie Cut, Kryptic Minds, Distance, Kasra, Loxy, Randall, King Kong Company, Arron Nolan and many more..
2013 (24-26 May): Groove Armada DJ Set, Seth Troxler, Modeselektor Live, Amon Tobin Presents Two Fingers (DJ Set), Booka Shade Live, Kerri Chandler, Karenn, Jacques Greene, Boddika, Floating Points, KiNK, Bicep, GMS,  MMOTHS, Truss/MPIA3, Midland, Captain Hook, Frank B, Icicle, Ben Pearce, Calibre, Funkineven, The Cujo Family, The Hot Sprockets, Raglans, Alexander Nut Fatima, CLU, Goth Trad Looney Moon Rec,s Biome, White Collar Boy Rootical Sound System, All City and more...
2014 (23-25 May): Groove Armada DJ set, Four Tet, LFO, DJ Koze, Tensnake, Dixon, Joy O, Nina Kraviz, Nathan Fake, Waze & Odyssey, Kormac’s Big Band, New Jackson, Ejeca, Maya Jane Coles, Ben Klock, Ben Pearce, Parasense, Egorythmia, Sunil SHarpe, Frank B, Lumigraph, Nathan Jones, Slow Burn, Lunar Disco and Apartment Records
2015  (29-25 May): NAS (PERFORMING ILLMATIC) ▪ GOLD PANDA ▪ SIRIUSMODESELEKTOR ▪ SQUAREPUSHER ▪ EATS EVERYTHING ▪ DERRICK CARTE ▪ PANTHA DU PRINCE ▪ DJ NU-MARK ▪ SKREAM ▪ OPTIMO ▪ THE UNDERACHIEVERS ▪ TEN WALLS ▪ BEN KLOCK ▪ RATKING ▪ BEN UFO ▪ ALLE FARBEN ▪ HAPPA ▪ KOLSCH (DJ) ▪ THE MAGICIAN ▪ MOTOR CITY DRUM ENSEMBLE ▪ ROBERT HOOD ▪ BLONDE ▪ AME ▪ HIGH CONTRAST SUNIL SHARPE ▪ ONEMAN ▪ LUKE VIBERT ▪ KIDNAP KID ▪ ICICLE ▪ THE HEATWAVE ▪ JASPER JAMES
2016 (27-29 May): Paul Kalkbrenner / 2Many Djs / Jamie Jones / Laurent Garnier / Jeff Mills / Hot Since 82 / Mano le Tough / Ben Klock. John Talabot / Cyril Hahn / Patrick Topping / Blawan / Joy Orbison / Ejeca.Huxle / Bicep / Martyn / Krystal Klear / Virgina [Live] / Feat Steffi & Dexter / Terriers [live] / Truss / Sunil Sharpe / New Jackson [live] / The Drifter / Lumigraph / Terriers Live / Sias dj / Barry Redsetta and more…
2017 (26-28 May): Nina Kraviz -Ricardo Villalobos - Dixon - Maya Jane Coles - Eat Everything - Recondite - Sunil Sharpe - Regis - David Rodigan - Solardo - DJ EZ -Duke Dumont - Rudimental - Patrick Topping - Alan Fitzpatrick - Gorgon City - Bjarki - Paula Temple -  The Magician - Format: B - Goldie - Jay Clarke - Veronica Vasicka - Monki -Cleric - Anetha - DJ Deece - DeFeKT - Phil Kieran - Aeron - Artur Bruce Janson - Aux Fnx - Baliboc -Bedlam Events - Betty Jimenez - Bodytonic Djs -  Boots & Cats - Cailín - Charlie - Chaz & shee - Ciara Brady - Dylan Stephenson - Eavan - Ed Fay - Frankie Moorhouse - and more ...
2018 (25-27 May): Fatboy Slim, along with Armand Van Helden, Bugzy Malone, Jax Jones, Jeff Mills, Amelie Lens, Mall Grab, Mango X Mathman, Honey Dijon, Adam Beyer b2b Joseph Capriati, Eve, Sarah Mooney, Boots & Kats plus many more.
2019 (24-26 May):  Bicep, Mix & Fairbanks, MK, Green Velvet, Giggs, Camelphat, Le Boom, King Kong Company, Yxng Bane, Charlotte De Witte, Bodytonic DJs, Denis Sulta, Sally C, Boots & Kats, Oldskool, Sam Paganini, Eve, FJAAK, Ejeca, Kerri Chandler, Unknown T, KC Lights, Emma Jai, Paula Temple, the Hanley Brothers, Cooks But We’re Chefs, and many more.
2020 (Cancelled due to COVID-19):Carl Cox, Eric Prydz - Fisher - Amelie Lens - blawan - Dj Boring - Kolsch - Mall Grab - Michael Bibi .....
2021 (Canceled due to COVID -19)
2022 (27-29 May) Lineup to be announced in January 2022

See also
List of electronic music festivals

References
External links
Life Festival official site
Lineup
Neutronyx (Neutronyx Stage)
Redbull reviewThe Oceanographic Institute of Venezuela (in Spanish: Instituto Oceanográfico de Venezuela, IOV) is an academic and research institution within the Universidad de Oriente which specializes in applied research and teaching in the fields of  marine biology, oceanography and fisheries science.
The institute is located on the Cerro Colorado campus of Universidad de Oriente in Cumana, Sucre. Its facilities include two buildings which house administrative offices, laboratories, classrooms, and the Rafael Antonio Curra library - a specialized books and magazines depository on marine biology and oceanography bibliography.

History
After the Venezuelan Association for the Advancement of Science (in Spanish: Asociación Venezolana para el Avance de la Ciencia, AsoVAC) was founded in 1950 under the direction of the distinguished physician and academic Francisco De Venanzi, the concern for creating an oceanographic research center in Venezuela arose.The Oceanographic Institute of Venezuela was created as a branch of the Universidad de Oriente by means of the Executive Order 459 of President Edgar Sanabria signed on November 21, 1958. The institute began its work in 1959 at the Marine Biology Laboratory of the Ministry of Agriculture in Caigüire, Sucre, and moved to its definitive headquarters at the Universidad de Oriente main campus in the city of Cumana, in 1963.It is one of the oldest and most important centers for oceanographic and marine science research and teaching in the Caribbean and Latin America regions.The first director de the institute was Dr. Pedro Roa Morales (1926-1995), a Sorbonne-graduate in marine geology and sedimentology.

Directors of the Oceanographic Institute of Venezuela
External links
Location of the Oceanographic Institute of Venezuela

See also
Universidad de Oriente
IVIC


Beryl Lucy Mills (3 January 1907 – 13 July 1977) was an advertising agent, librarian, and beauty queen. She was the first woman to win the Miss Australia quest in 1926

Early life
Beryl Lucy Mills was born on 3 January 1907 at Walkaway, Western Australia, the fifth child of parents Frank Ernest Mills and his wife Kitty, née Gibbons. After winning a scholarship to the University of Western Australia in 1924 and studying languages, she was admitted to Claremont Training College.

Career
Beauty queen
Beryl Mills was an entrant in the inaugural Miss Australia contest run by Smith's Newspapers Ltd, owners of Smith’s Weekly and The Guardian. After initial success as Miss Westralia, she entered and won the national competition in June 1926 in Sydney. Her winnings included 1000 pounds, two cars, and a promotional tour of the United States. She was accompanied by her mother and Sir Frank Packer and was a guest of the Miss America pageant at Atlantic City. Her tour included laying a wreath on the grave of an ANZAC soldier buried in the Presidio Cemetery, a guided tour of University of California Berkeley campus, and a visit to the White House, where she was invited to meet President Calvin Coolidge.

Advertising agent
In Sydney in 1928 she established the Beryl Mills Advertising Service before moving to Melbourne in the 1930s.

Personal life
Beryl Mills married journalist Francis Keith Davison on 19 March 1928 at St Michael's Anglican Church, Vaucluse, Sydney. They moved to Melbourne where daughter Judith was born in 1935.
Mills returned to Sydney by 1941 and became librarian at Frank Packer's Consolidated Press Ltd. She met Major Leslie Garland Calder, and they moved to the United States and married on 19 December 1946 in Virginia. She became a naturalized American and moved to Florida in her husband's retirement. She died there at Punta Gorda on 13 July 1977.

In popular culture
In 2019, Beryl Mills' story was turned into a two-act musical. Titled Miss Westralia, the show was created by Madeline Clouston, Jake Nielsen, Amelia Burke and Matthew Predny. It was first presented at The Blue Room Theatre in Perth, Western Australia. Miss Westralia subsequently toured regional WA in 2021 and has since been renamed Tall Poppy: A New Australian Musical.

See also
Rosemary Fenton
Tania Verstak


The Pakistani cricket team toured Ireland from 23 May to 26 May 2013. The tour consisted of two One Day Internationals (ODIs). The matches were broadcast on YouTube.

Squads
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN CricinfoChukkallo Chandrudu (transl. Moon among the stars) is a 2006 Indian Telugu-language romance film directed by Sivakumar. It is produced by Alexander Vallabha on Creative Commercials. The film stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Waheeda Rahman, Siddharth, Sadha, Saloni Aswani,  and Charmme Kaur. The music is composed by Chakri. Siddharth also worked as a writer for the film.

Plot
Arjun is an NRI who lives with his grandfather Krishna Rao and grandmother Padmavathi. Padmavathi wants Arjun to get married. She also tells her husband but does not take it seriously. Suddenly one morning, Padmavathi dies in her sleep. Krishna Rao feels bad that he couldn't fulfill his wife's last wish: to get Arjun married. So he tries to convince Arjun for marriage but he refuses so, Krishna Rao leaves for India, where there are some people who will listen to him and give him respect. Arjun finds out that he is in India and flies from Germany to India to bring back him. Krishna Rao only agrees to come only if Arjun would marry. Arjun, along with the help of his childhood friend Puppy, close in on three girls: Shalini, Sravani, and Sandhya. Shalini is a tennis player, Sravani is a student who is pursuing MBBS, and Sandhya is women's activist. Incidentally, all three girls happen to be his childhood friends. Arjun introduced himself as Krishna, not like a childhood friend. He started impressing them with his funny and joyful attempts and he succeeds to impress three of them and three became very close to him. He was confused to decide whom should he propose in three of them. Arjun decides to randomly draw one of the three names and whoever gets picked, Arjun would try to love that girl.
First is Sandhya. Arjun tries to tell Sandhya that he loves her through illogical ways. Because Sandhya is very ignorant, Arjun calls her a tomboy and Sandhya slaps him. Now he randomly draws another name and this time, it is Shalini. But he gets a phone call from Shalini that she is at the airport. Arjun quickly rushes to see Shalini and she says that she has a tournament in Switzerland and also has a boyfriend. Arjun gets disappointed big time and gets a call from Sravani, saying that she is at the hospital. Arjun again rushes and goes to the hospital and finds out that Sravani's grandmother's situation is not looking good. There is a big crowd around the table and Sravani is afraid to talk up, as she fears that no one will listen to her. Arjun gives her courage and Sravani is able to speak for herself. He also pays for Sravani's grandmother's operation behind Sravani's back. By the time, Arjun reaches his place, he gets a call from Shalini, saying that she was just messing with Arjun (April Fools). She asks him to come to Switzerland and Arjun goes to Switzerland.
Shalini throws the tournament so that she can romance with Arjun. But one night, Shalini's father gets drunk and upset because his daughter lost the competition. Arjun gets upset too because he was selfishly thinking about himself only. The next day, Arjun leaves for India, saying to Shalini that she should pursue her career and to remain an inspiration to others. Arjun gives away his identity and shocks Shalini. Shalini also wishes the best for Arjun in his life. After coming back to India, Arjun learns that Sravani is getting engaged to an NRI in the United States. Sravani thinks that her fiancé is paying for her grandmother's operation when Arjun was paying for it the whole time. Now, Arjun lost all three of his choices. He goes back to his grandfather and asks him to go back with him to Germany. Arjun's grandfather gives him another idea: to choose proposals from a list he already selected. Arjun doesn't like any of the proposals. There he meets Sandhya and Sandhya finds out that he was her childhood friend. Sandhya proposes Arjun and he says that yes, he will marry her. At a party, Arjun meets Sharat, Sandhya's ex. Arjun finds out that Sharat still has feelings for Sandhya. Arjun manages to link up  Sandhya with Sharat and both happily go their own way.
Again, Arjun lost all his choices. Arjun goes to Sravani's wedding to wish Sravani and her fiancé all the best. But he overhears the groom talking about leaving Sravani after the wedding. Arjun punches him in the face and a huge fight happens. Arjun's grandfather also goes to the marriage and Sravani instantly recognizes who he is (she still does not know that Arjun is getting beaten up). She hears Arjun calling from downstairs and looks to see him beaten. Arjun confesses that he is her childhood friend. She does not believe at first but after asking his grandfather, she runs downstairs to embrace Arjun. The elders also believe that the marriage between Sravani and her fiancé should end as he is a cheat. The film ends with Arjun marrying Sravani, settling in Germany.

Cast
Soundtrack
Music composed by Chakri.

Release
A critic from The Hindu gave a positive review and noted that "Siddharth excels in all the departments and shows good comedy timing. Saloni, Charmme and Sada do justice to their roles. After a long time, Akkineni [Nageswara Rao] comes to the big screen and even matches the dancing steps along with the hero. Music by Chakri is enthralling while choreography is good". Jeevi of Idlebrain gave the film rating of 3.25 out of 5 and wrote that "Producer Alexander Vallabha should be appreciated for making his debut with a film that defies the routine formula. On a whole, Chukkallo Chandrudu is a sophisticated comedy film for multiplex crowds". Full Hyderabad gave a positive review and opined that "This is an enjoyable movie that provides a good time for the family. Middle-aged cynics will need an extra dose of patience, but who knows, it may even touch their romantic buttons".

References
External links
Chukkallo Chandrudu at IMDbThe political philosophy of Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) favoured a classical republican approach. In Perpetual Peace: A Philosophical Sketch (1795), Kant listed several conditions that he thought necessary for ending wars and creating a lasting peace. They included a world of constitutional republics  by establishment of political community. His classical republican theory was extended in Doctrine of Right (1797), the first part of Metaphysics of Morals. At the end of the 20th century Kant's political philosophy had been enjoying a remarkable renaissance in English-speaking countries with more major studies in a few years than had appeared in the preceding many decades.

Overview
Kant's most significant contribution to political philosophy and the philosophy of law is the doctrine of Rechtsstaat. According to this doctrine, the power of the state is limited in order to protect citizens from the arbitrary exercise of authority. The Rechtsstaat is a concept in continental European legal thinking, originally borrowed from German jurisprudence, which can be translated as "the legal state" or "state of rights". It is a  "constitutional state" in which the exercise of governmental power is constrained by the law, and is often tied to the Anglo-American concept of the rule of law. Kant's political philosophy has been described as liberal for its presumption of limits on the state based on the social contract as a regulative matter.In a Rechtsstaat, the citizens share legally based civil liberties and they can use the courts. A country cannot be a liberal democracy without first being a Rechtsstaat. German writers usually place Immanuel Kant's theories at the beginning of their accounts of the movement toward the Rechtsstaat. The Rechtsstaat in the meaning of "constitutional state" was introduced in the latest works of Immanuel Kant after US and French constitutions were adopted in the late 18th century.  Kant’s approach is based on the supremacy of a country’s written constitution. This supremacy must create guarantees for implementation of his central idea:  a permanent peaceful life as a basic condition for the happiness of its people and their prosperity.  Kant was basing his doctrine on none other but constitutionalism and constitutional government. Kant had thus formulated the main problem of constitutionalism, “The constitution of a state is eventually based on the morals of its citizens, which, in its turns, is based on the goodness of this constitution.”  Kant’s idea is the foundation for the constitutional theory of the twentieth century.
The Rechtsstaat concept is based on the ideas, discovered by Immanuel Kant, for example, in his Groundwork of the Metaphysic of Morals: "The task of establishing a universal and permanent peaceful life is not only a part of the theory of law within the framework of pure reason, but per se an absolute and ultimate goal. To achieve this goal, a state must become the community of a large number of people, living provided with legislative guarantees of their property rights secured by a common constitution. The supremacy of this constitution… must be derived a priori from the considerations for achievement of the absolute ideal in the most just and fair organization of people’s life under the aegis of public law." The concept of the Rechtsstaat appeared in the German context in Robert von Mohl's book Die deutsche Polizeiwissenschaft nach den Grundsätzen des Rechtsstaates ("German police science according to the principles of the constitutional state", 1832–1834), and was contrasted with the aristocratic police state.
Kant opposed "democracy" – which, in that era, meant direct democracy – believing that majority rule posed a threat to individual liberty. He stated, "…democracy is, properly speaking, necessarily a despotism, because it establishes an executive power in which "all" decide for or even against one who does not agree; that is, "all", who are not quite all, decide, and this is a contradiction of the general will with itself and with freedom." As most writers at the time he distinguished three forms of government: democracy, aristocracy, and monarchy with mixed government as the most ideal form of government.
A distinctive feature of Kant's political philosophy is his conviction that the university should be a model of creative conflict: the philosopher's role within the university should be to "police" the higher faculties (which in his day were theology, law and medicine), making sure their teaching conforms to the principles of reason; likewise, the goal of perpetual peace in society can be achieved only when the rulers consult with philosophers on a regular basis.

See also
Constitutionalism
Roerich Pact
Rule according to higher law
Rule of law
Universal History


Nippon Sport Science University (日本体育大学, Nippon taiiku daigaku), abbreviated as Nittaidai (日体大), is a private university in Setagaya, Tokyo and Aoba-ku, Yokohama. The precursor of the school was founded in 1893, and it was chartered as a university in 1949. The school is known for the many famous athletes among its alumni.

Organization
Schools and Faculties
Faculty of Sport Science
Department of Physical Education
Department of Health Science
Department of Martial Arts
Department of Lifelong Sports and Recreation
School of Childhood Sport Education
Department of Childhood Sport Education
Faculty of Medical Science
Department of Judo Therapy and Medical Science
Department of Emergency Medical Science.

Graduate Schools
Master's and Doctoral Degree Programs, Graduate School of Health and Sport Science

Research Centers
Comprehensive Sport Science Research CenterThe Comprehensive Sport Science Research Center publishes the open access journal, "NSSU Journal of Sport Sciences".Research Institute for Sport Science: RISS
Sports Training Center

University Library
The library of the Setagaya campus holds some 380,000 books.

Other Organizations
Office of Athletics
Student Support Center
Admission Center
Health Care Center
Student Dormitory

Notable alumni
Athletes
Nobuyuki Aihara - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Yutaka Aihara - Gymnast; Olympic bronze medalist
Toshiko Shirasu-Aihara - Gymnast; Olympic bronze medalist
Yuko Arimori - Marathon runner; Olympic silver medalist
Hokutōfuji Daiki - Professional sumo wrestler
Kōji Gushiken - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Chiyotairyū Hidemasa - Professional sumo wrestler
Yukio Iketani - Gymnast; Olympic silver medalist
Keiko Tanaka-Ikeda - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Nahomi Kawasumi - Football player; Olympic silver medalist
Kosuke Kitajima - Swimmer; Olympic gold medalist
Eizo Kenmotsu - Gymnast; Olympic gold, silver and bronze medalist
Toshihiko Koga - Retired judoka; Olympic gold medalist
Yoshikaze Masatsugu - Professional sumo wrestler
Karina Maruyama - Football player; Olympic silver medalist
Kentaro Minagawa - Alpine skier
Daisuke Miyazaki - Handball player
Shinji Morisue - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Jungo Morita -  Volleyball player; Olympic gold medalist
Mari Motohashi - Curler
Katsuhiko Nagata - Amateur wrestler; Olympic silver medalist
Chieko Sugawara - Fencer
Juri Takayama - Softball player; Olympic silver medalist
Rie Tanaka - Gymnast
Kakizoe Tōru - Professional sumo wrestler
Mitsuo Tsukahara - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Kōhei Uchimura - Active gymnast; Olympic gold and silver medalist
Haruhiro Yamashita - Gymnast; Olympic gold medalist
Kōji Yamamuro - Gymnast; Olympic silver medalist
Hiroshi Yamamoto - Archer; Olympic silver medalist
Toshiki Yamamoto - Weightlifter
Myōgiryū Yasunari - Professional sumo wrestler
Tomohiro Yamamoto – Volleyball player; a part of 2020 Summer Olympics men's tournament
Kenta Takanashi – Volleyball player; a part of 2020 Summer Olympics men's tournament
Yuki Tsunoda - Formula 1 driver

Politicians
Ryoko Tani - Retired judoka; Olympic gold medalist
Kazuyuki Nakane - Member of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan.
Kenshiro Matsunami - Member of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan.

Entertainers
Sonny Chiba - Actor; Martial artist
Yota Tsuji - Professional wrestler
Keita Machida - Actor
Mandy Sekiguchi - Dancer

Current notable students
Athletes
Uta Abe - Active Judoka; 2020 Olympic gold medalist and two-times world champion of -52 kg category.
Hifumi Abe - Active Judoka; 2020 Olympic gold medalist and two-times world champion of -66 kg category.
Kenzō Shirai - Active gymnast; 2016 Olympic gold and bronze medalist
Ran Takahashi - Active Volleyball Player; part of Japan's national team competing in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics volleyball men's tournament
Daiki Kajiwara - Active para badminton Player; 2020 Paralympic gold medalist of men's singles WH2 and bronze medalist of men's doubles WH1–WH2

Notes
External links
Official website
University Library Official WebsiteEsa Vuorinen (born 26 June 1945) is a Finnish cinematographer. At the 26th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Cinematography for the film Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg. He has worked on more than 60 films since 1969.

Selected filmography
Home for Christmas (1975)
Poet and Muse (1978)
Sign of the Beast (1981)
Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg (1990)
Drömkåken (1993)
The Border (2007)
Dear Alice (2010)

References
External links
Esa Vuorinen at IMDb
Esa Vuorinen at the Swedish Film DatabaseKhandadash Madatov (born 14 March 1925) is an Azerbaijani athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics, representing the Soviet Union.


Charles W. Thwaites (March 21, 1904 – November 21, 2002) was an American painter. He painted murals for the Works Progress Administration in Wisconsin in the 1930s, and he later became an oil and watercolor painter in New Mexico.

Life
Thwaites was born on March 21, 1904 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin and the Layton School of Art.Thwaites began his career as a muralist for the Works Progress Administration from 1936 to 1939. He painted murals in post offices like the NRHP-listed Chilton Post Office and Plymouth Post Office. Thwaites became an oil and watercolor painter in New Mexico, where he settled in Taos in the 1940s and relocated to Santa Fe in the 1960s. He was an artist-in-residence at St. John's College in Santa Fe in 1973.Thwaites had a wife, Antoinette. He died on November 21, 2002 in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where he was buried in the Rosario Cemetery. His work is in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.


Egesina shibatai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Masao Hayashi in 1962.


Climbing Great Buildings is a British television series made for the BBC by ITN Productions. The series, first broadcast on BBC Two from 6 to 28 September 2010, consists of fifteen half-hour programmes each featuring one famous British structure from the last 1000 years.
The presentation team use rock climbing techniques to access internal and external parts of each building to illustrate construction techniques and materials and other details not usually visible. The team consists of the architect Dr Jonathan Foyle, the climber Lucy Creamer and camera operator Ian Burton, assisted by a rigging team. Foyle is known for his television presentations of architectural history, which subject he also teaches for Cambridge University's International Division. Creamer provides expert advice and encouragement to Foyle, as well as being a sounding-board for his on-site explanations.

Episodes
*World Heritage Site

See also
Don't Look Down

References
External links
Climbing Great Buildings at BBC Online 
Climbing Great Buildings at IMDbPakhria is a village situated in East Khasi Hills District, in the Meghalaya state of India. Agriculture is the main activity of this village.

References


== External links ==Tom Brennan (also known as MV Tom Brennan) was a barge built in the Australian state of South Australia in 1949 for use as a ferry at the crossing of the Birdsville Track over Cooper Creek when the creek was in flood in what is now the state’s Far North region.  It was withdrawn from service in either 1960 or 1963 and since 1986, it has served as a monument.  One of its operators was the mail contractor, Tom Kruse.

Construction
Tom Brennan was built in early 1949 by the South Australian Harbors Board in response to a proposal by the stock agency, Dalgety & Co. Ltd for a ferry to move people and goods across Cooper Creek at the Kopperamana Crossing on the Birdsville Track when creek was in flood.It is described as being “a steel punt with airtight tanks, powered by a 4 horse power outboard motor.”  The vessel was named after Mr. T. R. Brennan, the Livestock Manager with Dalgety & Co. Ltd, who is attributed as having the idea to provide a ferry service.

Career
It was finished in May 1949 and was delivered by Dalgety & Co. Ltd by rail to Marree where it was collected by Tom Kruse who was the mail contractor for the area between Marree and Birdsville.  The barge was reported as being in constant use for the first three years of service; in particular, the “Copper Crossing was impassable for six months” in 1949.The barge was featured in The Back of Beyond, the 1954 documentary produced by John Heyer, being used by Tom Kruse and a passenger to move goods across a flooded creek.In either 1960 or 1963, it was replaced with a larger vessel capable of transporting both stock and vehicles operated by either one of the following South Australian government departments - the Engineering and Water Supply Department or the Highways Department.

Current status
As of 2016, Tom Brennan is located on the west side of the Birdsville Track to the south of the Cooper Creek in the gazetted locality of Etadunna within what is reported as being a camping ground.
It was restored in 1986 by the South Australian Highways Department as part of celebrations of South Australia’s 150th anniversary and was dedicated as a monument later in 1986 along with the installation of a plaque which is inscribed with the following:M. V. Tom Brennan
This barge was presented to the settlers north of Cooper Creek by Dalgety and Company Ltd, in 1949 to ferry people, supplies and mail across flood waters and to assist drovers with the crossing of cattle on route to the Adelaide Market.  Restored by the Highways Department of South Australia to commemorate the State's 150 Jubilee
Hon. G. R. Keneally, M. P. Minister of Transport South Australia

Mr. N. D. O'Brien, General Manager Dalgety Bennetts Farmers
Tom Brennan has been listed as a shipwreck under the South Australian Historic Shipwrecks Act 1981.

See also
List of shipwrecks of Australia

References
External links
Clip from The Back of Beyond (1954) featuring the Tom BrennanAnecdotal cognitivism is a method of research using anecdotal, and anthropomorphic evidence through the observation of animal behaviour. A psychological methodology that attributes mental states to animals on the basis of anecdotes and on the observation of particular cases, other than those observations made during controlled experiments. The purpose is to understand by what means animals interpret external stimuli from the world around them, and subsequently how and why they act on that information. Charles Darwin devised this method in the late nineteenth century, naming it anecdotal cognitivism. This method proved controversial within the academy for the first half of the twentieth century, as Behaviourist methods were favoured at this time. Behaviourists maintain that controlled experiments are necessary to measure stimuli and record observable behaviour. From the middle of the twentieth century ethology and later, cognitive ethology became increasingly important within the scientific and academic milieu. 
After the introduction of natural history documentary film production in the 1960s animal behaviour became popular in the general population. Presenters, such as David Attenborough on BBC England and George Page on PBS America, used anecdotes and anthropomorphic rhetoric thus providing access to a wider audience, increasing awareness and interest in animal behaviour and their relationship with humans and nature.

History
Contemporary scientific interest in animal minds, cognition and behaviour stem from Charles Darwin’s nineteenth century seminal text, Theory of Evolution. Rather than showing the reader a series of tables, statistics and diagrams Darwin informed the reader with examples of animal behaviour he collected from both his observations, and the observations of others from all over the world. Anecdotal cognitivism was also practiced in his 1872 publication, The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals, with theories relating to the universality and evolution of the facial expressions in animals. Darwin’s interest in the mental states of animals instigated the anecdotal cognitivism method which involved collecting stories about animal behaviour from both lay people and amateur naturalists. These stories provided evidence of the cognitive states in particular animal cases. Evidence collected was often from a single witness whose account of the incident may have been second or third hand and was often not from a scientifically trained person.In the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, anecdotal cognitivism's method was widely criticised in the broader Western scientific community which had come to favour behaviourism. Behaviourism is a cause and effect quantitative data approach and a method scientist argued had greater rigour. Post 1930, anecdotal cognitivism was abandoned for the better part of the twentieth century due to the dominance of the behaviourist approach.

Methods
Many academic disciplines contribute to the study of animal cognition and behaviour. Some example include: animal studies, anthropology, biology, psychology, and philosophy. Within each discipline a range of methodologies are implemented to record research. Two central methods are laboratory experiments to uncover systems and structures of behaviour as used by psychologists, and observational methods are more commonly used by ethologists and biologists to explain evolutionary behaviour.There are three philosophical issues in studying minds and cognition in animals. Methodological issues, or how to study animal minds, is the philosophical issue relating to anecdotal cognitivism. The other two are foundational issues, whether animals are worthwhile subjects of study and specific issues relating to the different discipline’s approaches to methodologies in academia.

Criticism of anecdotal cognitivism
Anecdotal cognitivism is often criticised by behaviourists for relying on specific cases as evidence of particular animal behaviour, such as that of Clever Hans. Clever Hans was a particularly clever horse, able to interpret his masters body language while carrying out simple arithmetic and answering various simple questions. These involuntary movements made by the owner Mr von Osten, were unconscious and led to the horse being able to correctly answer questions based on the very subtle angle changes of Mr von Osten’s head. This case study was often cited by scientists as reasoning against the validity of using this methodology because this singular case was proved to be inaccurate. . This exemplified the importance of eradicating unintentional cueing while researching animals and was the argument behaviourists cited for controlled procedures.

Historical Western theorists
Supportive of anecdotal cognitivism
George Romanes: (1848-1894)
A protégé of Charles Darwin, George Romanes continued using anecdotal methodologies. Romanes documented an account that exemplifies this methodology, the example; a hunter who had shot and wounded a monkey, this monkey then held his blood-stained hand out to the hunter "to make him feel guilty". As Romanes did not further investigate the anecdotes with test experiments to consider an alternative hypothesis, this method became contentious among his fellow scientists. According to Professor Frans de Waal from Emory University, Romanes reliance on these singular events and Darwin’s internal subjective thinking to explain his own research experiences is what led subsequent scientists to favour the behaviourist approach. Behaviourists were also concerned with the lack of statistical information collected with a particular interest in certain behaviours and a perceived bias from subjects whilst relaying their stories.

Lloyd Morgan: (1852-1936)
Lloyd Morgan, a British psychologist and student of Romanes, removed the anecdotal methodologies from his work to avoid criticism and to ensure an objective systematic speculation and research approach. He was in favour of associating the mental states of animals by interpreting animal behaviour through introspection, though he was cautious of how humans over-intellectualise animal behaviour, as in the case of Clever Hans. In 1894, Morgan developed the methodology that most psychologists now follow, known as Morgan’s Canon.

Criticism of anecdotal cognitivism
The behaviourists' critique of the anecdotal, anthropomorphic methods as subjective, rejected the possibility of internal states in animals, and were more interested in human control over animals than natural behaviour.

John B. Watson: (1878-1958)
Considered the founder of behaviourism, American psychologist John B. Watson studied animal psychology and was critical of introspective psychology and anecdotal cognitivism. He thought it inferior to objective, observable experiments and did not accept the experimental observer’s behaviour could be influenced by the subjective experience. In 1909, at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine's Southern Society for Philosophy and Psychology, Watson stated that "these trends away from introspection will lead psychology toward the perfection of technique of the physical sciences." Later, in 1913 he declared, "never use the term consciousness, mental state, mind, content, introspectively verifiable, imagery and the like…it can be done in terms of stimulus and response, in terms of habit formation, habit integrations and the like."

Jacques Loeb: (1859-1924)
Loeb, a mechanist physiologist, believed animal behaviour was of no particular purpose or design and could be explained in terms of environmental stimulus. He was known for attentive scientific research and as a founder to behaviourism. Thomas H. Leahey, Professor Emeritus of Virginia Commonwealth University noted that European physiologists of the early twentieth century including Loeb, "pronounced psychological concepts "superstitions" and found no room for animal consciousness in the explanation of animal behaviour."

E. L. Thorndikes: (1874-1949)
Both Edward Thorndike’s puzzle boxes and PhD thesis, penned in 1898 at Columbia University, were modelled off previous work by Romanes and Morgan. Thorndike expected to assert similar connections to animal learning through imitation and passive tuition as his predecessors. As his extensive laboratory research and observations of cats and dog’s ability to escape the boxes came to a close, he found that the research conclusions greatly differed to what he expected (that animals could learn from imitation). This was the beginning of his research into "motor impulse." Thorndike was highly critical of the ‘anecdotalist school’ and their lack of measurable and scientific methodologies. Thorndike later went on to study The Law of Effect and S-R bonds (Stimulus-Response) and contribute to educational psychology.

Burrhus Frederick Skinner: (1904-1990)
Post WWII, B. F. Skinner’s radical behaviourism gained popularity, he "applied [Auguste] Comte's vision to psychology" maintaining that science's goal was to ultimately control society with little need for introspection and maintained that mental processes were unobservable and illegitimate. His theory borrowed some of Darwin’s evolutionary theory, though he believed human behaviour was explained through environment. Skinner was focused on a methodology of observation alone. According to Thomas H. Leahey, Professor Emeritus, Virginia Commonwealth University "Skinner believed that truth is to be found in observations themselves, in “does” and “doesn’t” rather than in our interpretations of our observations."

Non-Western approaches
Japan: Studies of Ethology in Japan have regularly used anthropomorphism and anecdotal methods, Japanese culture did not follow the rationalist American behaviourist approach. The cultural differences between the two countries underpin the different methods used to investigate animal behaviour in the academic disciplines. A reason scholars cite for this difference is Japan's spiritual foundation of animism in Shintoism and Buddhism, where animate and inanimate objects have spirits.

Current discussions
Within Classic Ethology, Darwin’s anecdotal and anthropomorphic approach was modified by European researchers. Classical Ethologists, Konrad Lorenz (1903-1989) and Niko Tinbergen (1907-1988), undertook a return to Darwin’s evolutionary theory and natural history with a reliance on more meticulous anecdotal and anthropomorphic methodologies. The research carried out by both scientists focused on observations, free use of anecdotes and an emphasis on emotion and inner states, "instincts", "drives", "motivational impulses" and "outward flowing nervous energy". In 1973 they were awarded the Nobel Prize with Karl von Frisch (1886-1982) for animal behaviour and were the founders of the field of ethology.

Though there are many differences between the schools of behaviourism and ethology, they agreed upon scepticism of the "folk" interpretations of over emphasising anecdotes to explain animal intelligence.There has been a resurgence in the adaption and use of this method in the twenty-first century. In current research this methodology has evolved and is no longer called ‘anecdotal cognitivism,’ with the scientific vernacular having changed to ‘cognitive ethology’ a term coined by Don Griffin, which involves anecdotal and anthropomorphic observations with reference to the cognition, internal states and behaviour analysis of animals. Ethograms, a quantitative method consisting of an inventory table of descriptions, are used to document typical animal behaviour. In unusual or rare animal behaviour, an "incident" or "qualitative report" is written rather than referencing the term "anecdote", due to the negative connotation that resulted from Darwin’s method.

Current theorists' support
There has been a significant shift from the behaviourist methodologies, as Professor Frans de Waal states,
“We seek ecological validity in our studies and follow the advice of Uexkull, Lorenz, and Imanishi, who encouraged human empathy as a way to understand other species. True empathy is not self-focused but other-oriented.” De Waal also states anecdotes are appropriate to use in contemporary settings as long as they are videoed, or observed by a reputable observer aware and familiar with the animals in question.This is further evidenced in Sara Shettleworth’s work. A Professor of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Toronto, Shettleworth maintains the most exciting part of current study in animal cognition is detail and subtlety in the human picture of “how other species minds are both like and not like ours.”Emeritus Professor in Animal Behaviour at University of New England, Gisela Kaplan noted the consolatory behaviour of Australian Magpies post conflict exhibited behaviour similar to the image seen in Darwin's crouching dog (figure 6 above), in The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals. Using anecdotes, Kaplan said that over several occasions it was noted that the  "magpie standing with hunched up wings in a little spatial isolation from the others (presumably the victim)" would be met by a member of the flock that went over and extended its neck over the victim or touched the isolated bird. The isolated bird would "untangle" and after a minute was led back to the group.There are advantages in the use of historical anecdotal cognitivism from a pedagogical standpoint. The disciplinary objective of anecdotes, as it pertains to the teaching of science, provides the purpose of conveying information and explaining concepts. There are also cultural factors where the anecdotes provide a humanistic perspective to science, and of how science is evaluated and created by the scientists in a social science perspective.There have been many studies into Darwin’s language and writing style. The style Darwin wrote in was seen as accessible prose with regular use of anecdotes and metaphors. This writing style made his texts more widely accessible and was instrumental in them becoming best sellers and popular within the broader community. As stated by Phillip Prodger, Darwin’s theories were rapidly accepted by the public due to his writing style, "He wrote in clear, lucid language flavoured with pleasing anecdotes and clear examples."

Current theorists' criticism
Researchers such as Nathan Emery and Nicola Clayton disagree, stating that any use of anecdotes, anthropomorphism and anthropocentrism are inappropriate and must be avoided in the study of animal cognition, citing the Clever Hans experiment and the walnut dropping crow study by Cristol et la. Emery and Clayton state, “Given how easy it is for us, as humans, to place a human perspective on a problem, it may be an especially important caution when studying the mental lives of animals.”

Film industry and popular culture
Documentary film production, a source of education and entertainment popularised by natural history subjects including animal behaviour, became prominent in the later decades of the twentieth century. Natural history films and series, such as David Attenborough’s Life on Earth in the 1970s, BBC's Planet Earth II in 2016 and the PBS Nature series by George Page, have contributed to people’s awareness of animal behaviour, creating connection to nature and stimulating engagement in the ecological impact of humans on the planet at a time when more people are living in cities, disconnected from nature.George Page writes of anecdotal cases in Inside the Animal Mind, of primatologist Jane Goodall who cites evidence of emotions and mental states of chimpanzees, who adopt young chimps that are not their own. Also cited are stories of elephant behaviour from ethologist, elephant researcher and founder of Amboseli Elephant Research Project, Cynthia Moss. Moss notes the playful elephant behaviour in a matriarchal environment and contrasts this with the terror observed of elephants witnessing other elephants during a culling. While presenting for Nature, Page heard many stories about this behaviour from scientists, which led Page to believe that science and lay people benefit from greater understanding when anecdotes and anthropomorphic interpretations are allowed to be documented.

Interesting facts
Charles Darwin: Darwin had great affection for dogs, owning many in his lifetime. Shelah, Spark and Czar in his teen years, Sappho, Fun, Dash, Pincher and Nina in his early adulthood and when he had his own children Bob, Bran, Quiz, Tartar, Tony, Pepper, Butterton and Polly, whom he regularly incorporated into his studies. In The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals, Darwin used anecdotes to explain his theories. Darwin described the 'hothouse face,' an expression Bob, Darwin's pie-bald family dog used expressing dejection when a dog becomes disappointed, expecting a walk that does not materialise. Darwin's later years were spent with Polly, a white terrier, his favourite dog and the last dog he owned. Darwin mentioned Polly in The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals as licking his hand with "insatiable passion." Polly was put down by Francis, Darwin's son days after Darwin's fatal heart attack, as Emma Darwin noted "Polly became very ill with a swelling in her throat...creeping away several times as if to die" and was buried in the family garden.David Attenborough: Attenborough believes the most significant publication on nature and animal behaviour is Charles Darwin’s, On the Origin of Species explaining the evolution and natural selection theory foundational to societies' understanding of nature.Jane Goodall: Goodall, a primatologist, was an unorthodox researcher. Her work led to new discoveries of behaviour in chimpanzee’s such as tool use and the primate carnivorous diet. Professor Robert Hinde, research Professor at the University of Cambridge was initially critical of the unconventional methods Goodall employed. Goodall was criticised for naming the chimps she observed at Gombe in Tanzania, she called one David Greybeard and showed photo's of him using tools to access termites at the Zoological Society of London conference in 1962. Goodall was not the only primatologist to name chimps while in the field, biologist Professor George Schaller also named the subjects he studied. Sir Solly Zuckerman, an anatomist at the Zoological Society of London April 1962, criticised Goodall for using anecdotes,
“There are those who are here and who prefer anecdote – and what I must confess I regard as sometimes unbounded speculation, in scientific work it is far safer to base one’s major conclusions and generalisations on a concordant and large body of data than on a few contradictory and isolated observations, the explanation of which sometimes leaves a little to be desired.”By observing the chimpanzee troop in their native habitat in the 1960s, Goodall came to the conclusion counter to the scientific community at this time that chimpanzees had distinct personalities and were capable of friendship and altruism. Some behaviours and emotions observed included nervousness, aggression, hugging, kissing, grudges, kicking, punching, subordination to a dominant character and friendship.Jane Goodall writes about her studies of the Chimpanzee’s in Gombe in her book, Reason for Hope, in anthropomorphic terms enabling the reader a more personal understanding of her observations encountered in Tanzania.

See also
Charles Darwin
Ethology
History of Science

References
Bibliography
Andrews, Kristin. "Animal Cognition", The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (Summer 2016 Edition) Edward N. Zalta (ed.). https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2016/entries/cognition-animal/Attenborough, David. 2016. "If David Attenborough could be an animal he’d be a sloth," interview by Kara Segedin, earth, BBC, 7 January 2016, viewed 14 April 2020, http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20160107-if-sir-david-attenborough-could-be-any-animal-he-would-be-a-slothBekoff, Marc and Jamieson, Dale. 1999. "On Aims and Methods of cognitive Ethology" in Reading in Animal Cognition. Colorado: Westview Press.Boakes, Robert. 1984. From Darwin to Behaviourism: Psychology and the minds of animals. New York: Cambridge University Press.Chapman, James. 2015. A New History of British Documentary Basingstoke, U.K: Palgrave Macmillan.De Waal, Frans. 2016. Are We Smart Enough to Know How Smart Animals Are? New York: W.W. Norton & Co.DeKoven, Marianne. 2006. "Women, Animals, and Jane Goodall: "Reason for Hope"." Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature 25, no. 1: 141-51. Accessed 22 April 2020. doi:10.2307/20455265.Emery J. Nathan and Clayton S. Nicola. 2005. "Animal Cognition" in The Behaviour of Animals: Mechanisms, Function, and Evolution. edited by Bolhuis, John J. and Giraldeau Luc-Alain. Oxford: Blackwell publishing.
Fernandez-Bellon, Dario and Kane, Adam. "Natural History films raise species awareness- A big data approach," in A Journal of the Society for Conservation biology, (September 2019), p. 1-2. https://conbio.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/conl.12678Gauld, Colin. 1992. "The Historical Anecdote as a "caricature": A Case Study." Research in Science Education, 22, no.1 (December 1992) p.149 – 156.
Harel, Kay. 2008. "‘It’s Dogged as Does It’: A Biography of the Everpresent Canine in Charles Darwin’s Days," Southwest Review vol 93, no. 3, pg. 368–378.
Kaplan, Gisela. 2015. Bird Minds: Cognition and Behaviour of Australian Native Birds. Clayton South, Victoria: CSIRO Publishing.
Leahey, Thomas Hardy. 2013. A history of Psychology. New Jersey: Pearson Education Inc.
Mitchell, Megan. 2017. "Contemporaries, Criticisms and Controversies," in Jane Goodall: Primatologist and UN Messenger of Peace. New York: Cavendish.
Norenzayan, Ara. 2002. "Cultural preferences for formal verses intuitive reasoning," Cognitive Science vol 26, pg. 653-684. https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/epdf/10.1207/s15516709cog2605_4Page, George. 1999. Inside the Animal Mind. New York: Doubleday Publishing.Prodger, Phillip. 2009. Darwin’s Camera Art and Photography in the Theory of Evolution. Oxford: Oxford University Press.Shettleworth, Sara J. 2010. Cognition, Evolution, and Behaviour. New York: Oxford University Press.Townshend, Emma. 2009. Darwin’s Dogs: How Darwin’s pets helped form a world-changing theory of evolution. London: Frances Lincoln. https://books.google.com.au/books?id=RCQeAwAAQBAJ&dq=darwins+dogs&lr=&source=gbs_navlinks_sWood, Matthew. “The Potential for Anthropomorphism in Communicating Science: Inspiration from Japan.” Cultures of Science 2, no. 1 (March 2019): 23–34. doi:10.1177/209660831900200103.Wynne, Clive, D. L. 2001. Animal Cognition: The Mental Lives of Animals. New York: Palgrave.

Citations
Further reading
Allen, Colin (1998) "Assessing Animal Cognition: Ethological and Philosophical Perspectives" Journal of Animal Science 76: pp. 42-47;
Watson, Amy and Woodworth, Kristen  (2000) "Animal Cognition" - outline of animal cognition;
Andrews, Kristin. 2015. The Animal Mind : an Introduction to the Philosophy of Animal Cognition New York, N.Y: Routledge.
Allen, Colin., and Marc. Bekoff. 1997. Species of Mind : the Philosophy and Biology of Cognitive Ethology Cambridge, Mass: MIT Press.
Lurz, Robert W., (ed) 2009. The Philosophy of Animal Minds. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. doi:10.1017/CBO9780511819001. ISBN 978-0521711814
Lehner, Philip. 1998. Handbook of Ethological Methods. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0521637503

External links
Tree of Life web project
Dr Cook, Robert, Animal Cognition and learning, 2013, Tufts University
Gong, Michelle and Miller, Stella, "Unorthodox Approaches" in Reinventing Our Understanding of Humanity: Jane Goodall’s Exploration of Chimpanzees and Encounters with the Scientific World
Three Observers of Animal behaviour
Charlie Rose Interview with George Page, Inside the Animal Mind, Nature, 2000, PBS
Attenborough, David, IMDb Filmography for films and TV series written, produced or directed by David Attenborough
Bonnin, Liz, 2013, "Animal Odd Couples" BBC Documentary
Amboseli Trust for Elephants, Dr Cynthia Moss Foundation, https://www.elephanttrust.org/index.php/meet-the-team/item/dr-cynthia-mossLabisia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Primulaceae, native to the Malesia biogeographical region. Its best known species is Labisia pumila, which is cultivated as a medicinal herb in Malaysia and Indonesia for, among other things, improving libido in women, induction of childbirth, and relieving postmenopausal discomfort.

Species
Currently accepted species include:

Labisia acuta Ridl.
Labisia alata N.E.Br.
Labisia longistyla King & Gamble
Labisia obtusifolia Hallier f.
Labisia ovalifolia Ridl.
Labisia posthumusiana Sunarno
Labisia pumila (Blume) Fern.-Vill.
Labisia serrulata Hallier f.
Labisia sessilifolia Hallier f.
Labisia smaragdina L.Linden & Rodigas
Labisia steenisiana Sunarno
Labisia sumatrensis Sunarno


Clube Desportivo Portosantense is a Rink Hockey team from Porto Santo, Madeira, Portugal. It  stayed in 5th in the 2005-06 Portuguese Championship.


== Current Squad 2006/07 ==The Fremont Bridge is a steel tied-arch bridge over the Willamette River located in Portland, Oregon, United States.  It carries Interstate 405 and US 30 traffic between downtown and North Portland where it intersects with Interstate 5. It has the longest main span of any bridge in Oregon and is the second longest tied-arch bridge in the world (after Caiyuanba Bridge across the Yangtze River, China). The bridge was designed by Parsons, Brinckerhoff, Quade and Douglas, and built by Murphy Pacific Corporation.The bridge has two decks carrying vehicular traffic, each with four lanes.  The upper deck is signed westbound on US 30 and southbound on I-405.  The lower deck is signed eastbound on US 30 and northbound on I-405.

Design and construction
Due to the public's dissatisfaction with the appearance of the Marquam Bridge, the Portland Art Commission was invited to participate in the design process of the Fremont.  The improvement in visual quality resulted in a bridge that was nearly six times as expensive as the purposely economical Marquam Bridge.  Designers modeled the bridge after the original 1964 Port Mann Bridge in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The steel tie-girder (I-beam) is 18 feet (5.5 m) tall and 50 inches (130 cm) wide. On October 28, 1971, while still under construction, a six-foot-long (1.8 m) crack was found on the west span of this girder that required a $5.5 million redesign and repair. The ramps and approaches are steel box girders. If the lanes of the bridge were placed end-to-end, there are 3.27 lane-miles (5.26 lane-km) on the arch bridge and 14.12 lane-miles (22.72 lane-km) on the ramps and approaches.The center span of the bridge, where the rib of the arch is above the deck, is 902 feet (275 m) long. It was fabricated in California then assembled at Swan Island Industrial Park, 1.7 miles (2.7 km) downstream.  After assembly it was floated on a barge the 1.7 mile trip to the construction site. On March 16, 1973, the 6,000 short tons (5,400 t) steel arch span was lifted 170 ft (52 m) using 32 hydraulic jacks.  At the time, it was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the heaviest lift ever completed.The bridge was opened on November 15, 1973, at a final cost of $82 million (equivalent to $524 million in 2020), most of which was financed by the Federal Highway Administration. In 1976, an American flag and an Oregon flag were added atop the structure as part of the bicentennial celebration for the United States. The flags were installed with the use of a helicopter. The 15-by-25-foot (4.6 m × 7.6 m) flags are attached to 50-foot (15 m) tall flagpoles at the crest of the arches.

Falcon nest
The Fremont Bridge was also the 26th Peregrine falcon nest site designated in Oregon in 1995 after the raptor was placed on the U.S. Threatened and Endangered Species list in 1970.

Etymology
The bridge as well as Portland's associated Fremont Street were named for John C. Fremont (1813–1890). Fremont was an early explorer of the Oregon Country. He served in the United States Army at the time as a Captain and later promoted to General. In 1856, he ran for president, but was defeated by James Buchanan.

Gallery
See also
Transport portal
 Engineering portal
 Oregon portal
List of crossings of the Willamette River

References
External links
Historic American Engineering Record (Library of Congress) Fremont Bridge, Spanning Willamette River, Portland, Multnomah County, OR
Fremont Bridge at StructuraeWalker O. Cain , FAIA, FAAR, NA (April 14, 1915 – June 1, 1993) was a prize-winning American architect.

Biography
Early life and education
Cain was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the son of Oscar C. Cain (1877-1954), a postal clerk for the railroad, and his wife Meta M. Gusse. He studied architecture for five years on a scholarship at Case Western Reserve University (B.Arch. 1938), and for two years at Princeton University (M.F.A. 1940). 
During the summer of 1937, having won the Schweinfurth Traveling Scholarship (awarded annually by the school of architecture at Case Western), he traveled to France to study at the School of Fine Arts at Fontainbleau. At the conclusion of his course, he visited Italy, leaving Trieste aboard the SS Saturnia on September 20, arriving in the Port of New York on October 4.In 1939, he received the Henry Adams Medal from the American Institute of Architects, awarded to the best student in each accredited architecture program, and in 1940, he won the competition for the Rome Prize of the American Academy in Rome (having won honorable mention in 1938 and 1939).

Architectural career
After graduating from Princeton, and unable to travel to Rome on account of the war in Europe, Cain moved to New York to join the firm of McKim, Mead & White. He was named an associate in 1951, and after the death in February 1961 of James Kellum Smith, the firm’s last surviving partner, several of the firm’s senior employees, including Cain, formed the firm Steinmann, Cain and White, in order to complete the older firm’s outstanding projects. Cornelius White (no relation to Stanford White) died in 1962, and in 1965, the firm reorganized as Steinmann and Cain, succeeded in 1967 by Walker O. Cain & Associates.

Honors
Walker Cain was made a fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1968. He was elected chairman of the board of the American Academy in Rome in 1974 and served in that capacity until 1984. In 1962, he was elected an Associate National Academician, and in 1975, a full National Academician by the membership of the National Academy of Design.

Personal life
In June 1941, Walker Cain married Abby Jane Huston (the marriage was dissolved by divorce). They had two children, Susan Berry Cain and Tamma Huston Cain. 
On July 27, 1973, He married Elizabeth Douglas McCall (1919-1996). According to The New York Times:

The Rev. William A. McQuoid performed the ceremony in the Dana Chapel of the Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church. He was assisted by the Rev. Dr. John C. Coburn, rector of St. James' Episcopal Church. The bride, daughter of Mrs. Arthur May McCall of Florence, S. C., and the late Mr. McCall, was divorced from Arthur A. Houghton Jr., board chairman of Steuben Glass. The bridegroom, son of Mrs. Oscar C. Cain of Cleveland and the late Mr. Cain, also has been previously married and divorced. He is senior partner of Walker O. Cain Associates, an architectural firm here.

His second marriage brought Cain yet another honor. A reporter for the Times noted that the 1974 edition of the Social Register "contains few surprises," while observing that, 

As usual, some names have been dropped and others added, as a rule through marriage to people already listed...Arthur A. Houghton Jr., board chairman of Steuben Glass, and his former wife, Mrs. Elizabeth McCall Houghton, both remarried in 1973 and their new spouses, the former Mrs. Nina Rodale Horstmann, and Walker O. Cain, a New York architect, were welcomed to the fold.

Walker Cain died in Southampton, New York in 1993. Elizabeth Cain died in New York City in 1996.

Notable works
McKim, Mead & White
In his Who’s Who in America, 1972-1973 entry, Cain listed among his built works projects completed before McKim, Mead & White’s dissolution in 1961. These include:

Jafet Library, American University of Beruit, Lebanon (completed 1951); McKim, Mead & White.
Schaffer Library, Union College, Schenectady, NY (dedicated April 29, 1961); McKim, Mead & White.

Steinmann, Cain and White (and successor firms)
Projects completed after 1961 include:

Caldwell Field House, Princeton University (completed 1963); Steinmann, Cain and White.
Museum of History and Technology, Smithsonian Institute, Washington D.C. (completed 1964); begun McKim, Mead & White; completed Steinmann, Cain and White.
Hawthorne-Longfellow Library, Bowdoin College, Brunswick, Maine (completed 1965); Steinmann, Cain and White.
Princeton University Museum and Fine Arts Library (completed 1966); Steinmann and Cain.
St. Vartan Armenian Cathedral, Second Avenue and 34th Street, Manhattan (begun 1963; consecrated 1968); Steinmann, Cain and White.
Jadwin Gymnasium, Princeton University (begun 1964; completed 1969); Walker O. Cain and Associates.
Computing Center, Princeton University (completed 1970).
Casco National Bank Building, Portland, Maine (completed 1970); Walker O. Cain and Associates.
the Maine State Museum, Augusta, Maine (dedicated 1971); Walker O. Cain and Associates.
Maynard Building, Brooklyn, NY (completed 1976); Walker O. Cain and Associates
Mickel Library, Converse College, Spartanburg, South Carolina (completed 1980); Walker O. Cain, of Cain, Farrell and Bell.Cain was a skilled architectural renderer. Among the many examples are the drawings he made of the collegiate chapter houses of St. Anthony Hall (aka Delta Psi fraternity ) for their 1947 membership directory.

Gallery
Bibliography
Fred N. Severud (author) and Walker O. Cain (illustrator), "Forecasting a New Era For Concrete," Architectural Record, Vol 106, No 6 (December 1949).

References
External links
NY Times Obit
Walker O. Cain papers, 1892-1994 (bulk 1960-1994).Held by the Department of Drawings & Archives, Avery Architectural & Fine Arts Library, Columbia University.
http://www.princeton.edu/pr/facts/architects/
http://www.armenianchurch.net/diocese/cathedral/Conosia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.

Species
C. angustissima Alexander, 1927
C. insularis Alexander, 1942
C. irrorata (Wiedemann, 1828)
C. malagasya Alexander, 1921
C. minuscula Alexander, 1958
C. minusculoides Alexander, 1975
C. principalis Edwards, 1934
C. thomensis Edwards, 1934

References

"Catalogue of the Craneflies of the World (Diptera, Tipuloidea: Pediciidae, Limoniidae, Cylindrotomidae, Tipulidae)". Naturalis Biodiversity Center.Centroonoceras is a middle Ordovician cyrtoconic nautiloid cephalopod, otherwise similar to the orthoconic Sactorthoceras and also included in the Sactorthoceratidae. It was named by Kobayashi, 1934, and has been found in Korea and in New York state in the eastern U.S.
Centroonoceras is characterized by a smooth, gently expanding shell with a moderate but definite curvature and circular cross section. Septa are close spaced. The siphuncle is subcentral, as in Sactorthoceras. Segments are subfusiform; generally straighter on the dorsal side and more expanded on the ventral side.  No cameral or endosiphuncle deposits are known.

References

Walter C Sweet 1964.  Nautiloidea-Orthocerida; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K.  Geol. Soc. of America and Univ. Kansas Press.John Frederick Herring Sr. (12 September 1795 – 23 September 1865), also known as John Frederick Herring I, was a painter, sign maker and coachman in Victorian England. He painted the 1848 "Pharoah's Chariot Horses" (archaic spelling "Pharoah"). He amended his signature "SR" (senior) in 1836, with the growing fame of his teenage son (1 of 4) John Frederick Herring Jr.

Life and work
Herring, born in London in 1795, was the son of a London merchant of Dutch parentage, who had been born overseas in America. The first eighteen years of Herring's life were spent in London, where his greatest interests were drawing and horses. In the year 1814, at the age of 18, he moved to Doncaster in the north of England, arriving in time to witness the Duke of Hamilton's "William" win the St. Leger Stakes horserace. By 1815, Herring had married Ann Harris; his sons John Frederick Herring Jr., Charles Herring, and Benjamin Herring were all to become artists, while his two daughters, Ann and Emma, both married painters. When she was barely of age in 1845 Ann married Harrison Weir.
In Doncaster, England, Herring was employed as a painter of inn signs and coach insignia on the sides of coaches, and his later contact with a firm owned by a Mr. Wood led to Herring's subsequent employment as a night coach driver. Herring spent his spare time painting portraits of horses for inn parlors, and he became known as the "artist coachman" (at the time). Herring's talent was recognized by wealthy customers, and he began painting hunters and racehorses for the gentry.
In 1830, John Frederick Herring, Senior left Doncaster for Newmarket, England, where he spent three years before moving to London, England. During this time, Herring might have received tuition from Abraham Cooper. In London, Herring experienced financial difficulties and was given financial assistance by W. T. Copeland, who commissioned many paintings, including some designs used for the Copeland Spode bone china. In 1840-1841, Herring visited Paris, painting several pictures, on the invitation of the Duc d’Orleans (the Duke of Orleans), son of the French King Louis-Phillipe.
In 1845, Herring was appointed Animal Painter to the Duchess of Kent, followed by a subsequent commission from the ruling Queen Victoria, who remained a patron for the rest of his life.

Late themes
In 1853, Herring moved to rural Kent in the southeast of England and stopped painting horse portraits.  He spent the last 12 years of his life at Meopham Park near Tonbridge, where he lived as a country squire. He then broadened his subject matter by painting agricultural scenes and narrative pictures, as well as his better-known sporting works of hunting, racing and shooting.
A highly successful and prolific artist, Herring ranks along with Sir Edwin Landseer as one of the more eminent animal painters of mid-nineteenth (19th) century Europe. The paintings of Herring were very popular, and many were engraved, including his 33 winners of the St. Leger and his 21 winners of the Derby. Herring exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1818–1865, at the British Institution from 1830–1865, and at the Society of British Artists in 1836-1852, where Herring became Vice-President in 1842.Both John Herring Snr and John Herring Jnr were the subject of an episode of Minder when Arthur Daley attempts so sell a counterfeit painting to an art dealer.

See also
George Stubbs - horse painter.

Notes
References
John Frederick Herring Sr. (biography & selected works) at Art.Net

External links
173 artworks by or after John Frederick Herring Sr. at the Art UK site
www.John-Frederick-Herring.org 208 works by John Frederick Herring Sr.John Arthur Cox IV (born July 6, 1981) is a Venezuelan-American professional basketball player. He is 1.96 m (6'5") tall, and he weighs 89 kg (195 lbs.).

College career
Cox played college basketball for the San Francisco Dons. He ended his career there as one of its all-time top scorers, lifting the team to a 2005 National Invitation Tournament (NIT) appearance.

Professional career
Cox has played pro basketball in France's top-tier level, the LNB Pro A, and in Europe's top-tier level, the EuroLeague.
On April 15, 2017, Cox signed with the French team Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez.

National team career
Cox has represented Venezuela internationally on multiple occasions. He played for the team at the 2012 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament and the 2015 Pan American Games. He also played at the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship, where he was a part of Venezuela's first intercontinental title. He also played at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was the leading scorer of the 2017 FIBA AmeriCup.

Personal life
Cox was born in Venezuela to American parents, at the time of his birth his father John "Chubby" Cox was playing basketball in Venezuela. His father also played for the Washington Bullets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is also the cousin of the late Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant. Both John and Chubby reached the LPB finals, one of six father-son pairs who managed to do so in Venezuela.

References
External links
Twitter Account
FIBA Profile
Euroleague.net Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
French League Profile (in French)Malappuram is one of the 14 districts in the South Indian state of Kerala. The district has a unique and eventful history starting from pre-historic times. During the early medieval period, the district was the home to two of the four major kingdoms that ruled Kerala. Perumpadappu was the original hometown of the Kingdom of Cochin, which is also known as Perumbadappu Swaroopam, and Nediyiruppu was the original hometown of the Zamorin of Calicut, which is also known as Nediyiruppu Swaroopam. Besides, the original headquarters of the Palakkad Rajas were also at Athavanad in the district.

Ancient period
The remains of some pre-historic symbols including Dolmens, Menhirs, and Rock-cut caves have been found from various parts of the district. Rock-cut caves have been found from the places like Puliyakkode, Thrikkulam, Oorakam, Melmuri, Ponmala, Vallikunnu, and Vengara. The ancient maritime port of Tyndis, which was a centre of trade with Ancient Rome, is roughly identified with Ponnani, Tanur, and Vallikkunnu-Kadalundi-Chaliyam-Beypore region. Tyndis was a major center of trade, next only to Muziris, between the Cheras and the Roman Empire. Pliny the Elder (1st century CE) states that the port of Tyndis was located at the northwestern border of Keprobotos (Chera dynasty). The North Malabar region, which lies north of the port at Tyndis, was ruled by the kingdom of Ezhimala during Sangam period. According to the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea, a region known as Limyrike began at Naura and Tyndis. However the Ptolemy mentions only Tyndis as the Limyrike's starting point. The region probably ended at Kanyakumari; it thus roughly corresponds to the present-day Malabar Coast. The value of Rome's annual trade with the region was estimated at around 50,000,000 sesterces. Pliny the Elder mentioned that Limyrike was  prone by pirates. The Cosmas Indicopleustes mentioned that the Limyrike was a source of peppers. The River Bharathappuzha (River Ponnani) had importance since Sangam period (1st-4th century CE), due to the presence of Palakkad Gap which connected the Malabar coast with Coromandel coast through inland.

Early medieval period
The Kurumathur inscription found near Areekode dates back to 871 CE.  Three Old Malayalam inscriptions those date back to 932 CE, those were found from Triprangode (near Tirunavaya), Kottakkal, and Chaliyar, mention the name of Goda Ravi of Chera dynasty. The Triprangode inscription states about the agreement of Thavanur. Several inscriptions written in Old Malayalam those date back to 10th century CE, have found from Sukapuram near Edappal, which was one of the 64 old Nambudiri villages of Kerala. Descriptions about the rulers of Eranad region and Valluvanad region can be seen in Jewish copper plates of Bhaskara Ravi Varman and Viraraghava copper plates of Veera Raghava Chakravarthy. A number of city-states were there in the region, including Valluvanad, Vettathunadu (Tanur), Parappanad and Nediyiruppu (Eranad) (ruled by the Zamorins).

Rise of the Zamorin of Calicut
During and around the fall of Perumal Empire, Calicut and its environs were ruled over by Porlathiri. Eranad was ruled by a Samanthan Nair clan known as Eradis, similar to the Vellodis of neighbouring Valluvanad and Nedungadis of Nedunganad. The rulers of Eranad were known by the title Eralppad/Eradi. The Eradis (A title used to denote the rulers of Eranad) of Nediyiruppu marched with their army to Panniyankara and often surrounded the headquarters of Porlathiri. The ultimate aim was to find access to the sea and thus to participate directly in the maritime trade. This war lasted for almost half a century. The battle ended in the victory of the Eradis. Porlathiri fled to Kolathunadu in search of political asylum.
With the conquest of Polanad, the Eradis who ruled Eranad shifted their headquarters from Nediyiruppu to Calicut, and later began to known as the Zamorin of Calicut. In the early stage of his territorial development, Zamorin expanded his territories to Parappanad and Vettathunad by defeating their rulers.The power balance in Kerala changed as Eralnadu rulers developed the port at Kozhikode. The Samoothiri became one of the most powerful chiefs in Kerala. In some of his military campaigns – such as that into Valluvanadu – the ruler received unambiguous assistance from the Muslim Middle Eastern sailors. It seems that the Muslim judge of Kozhikode offered all help in "money and material" to the Samoothiri to strike at Thirunavaya. Smaller chiefdoms south of Kozhikode – Beypore, Chaliyam, Parappanadu and Tanur (Vettam) – soon had to submit and became their feudatories one by one.
The ruler of Kozhikode next turned his attention to the valley of Bharathappuzha. Large parts of the valley were then ruled by Valluvakkonathiri, the hereditary chief of Valluvanadu. The principal objective of Kozhikode was the capture the sacred settlement of Thirunavaya. The rivalry that existed between the Nambudiris in the Nambudiri villages of Panniyoor and Chowwara (Sukapuram) was also of great political importance in medieval Kerala. Panniyoor is situated opposite to Kuttippuram town while Sukapuram lies in Edappal. Soon the Samoothiris found themselves intervened in the so-called kurmatsaram between Nambudiris of Panniyurkur and Chovvarakur. In the most recent event, the Nambudiris from Thirumanasseri Nadu had assaulted and burned the nearby rival village. The rulers of Valluvanadu and Perumpadappu came to help the Chovvaram and raided Panniyur simultaneously. Thirumanasseri Nadu was overran by its neighbours on south and east. The Thirumanasseri Nambudiri appealed to the ruler of Kozhikode for help, and promised to cede the port of Ponnani to Kozhikode as the price for his protection. Kozhikode, looking for such an opportunity, gladly accepted the offer.Assisted by the warriors of their subordinate chiefs (Chaliyam, Beypore, Tanur and Kodungallur) and the Muslim naval fleet under the Koya of Kozhikode, the Samoothiri's fighters advanced by both land and sea. The main force under the command of Samoothiri himself attacked, encamping at Triprangode, an allied force of Valluvanadu and Perumpadappu from the north. Meanwhile, another force under the Eralppadu commanded a fleet across the sea and landed at Ponnani and later moved to Thirumanasseri, with an intention to descend on Thirunavaya from the south with help of the warriors of the Thirumanasseri Brahmins. Eralppadu also prevented the warriors of Perumpadappu from joining Valluvanadu forces. The Muslim merchants and commanders at Ponnani supported the Kozhikode force with food, transport, and provisions. The warriors of the Eralppadu moved north and crossed the Bharathappuzha and took up position on the northern side of the river. The Koya marched at the head of a large column and stormed Tirunavaya. In spite of the fact that the warriors of Valluvanadu did not get the timely help of Perumpadappu, they fought vigorously and the battle dragged on. In the meantime, the Kozhikode minister Mangattachan was also successful in turning Kadannamanna Elavakayil Vellodi (junior branch of Kadannamanna) to their side. Finally, two Valluvanadu princes were killed in the battles, the Nairs abandoned the settlement and Kozhikode infested Tirunavaya.The capture of Thirunavaya was not the end of Kozhikode's expansion into Valluvanadu. The Samoothiri continued surges over on Valluvanadu. Malappuram, Nilambur, Vallappanattukara and Manjeri were easily occupied. He encountered stiff resistance in some places and the fights went on in a protracted and sporadic fashion for a long time. Further assaults in the east against Valluvanadu were neither prolonged nor difficult for Kozhikode.The battles along the western borders of Valluvanadu were bitter, for they were marked by treachery and crime. Panthalur and Ten Kalams came under Kozhikode only after a protracted struggle. The assassination of a minister of Kozhikode by the chief minister of Valluvanadu while visiting Kottakkal in Valluvanadu sparked the battle, which dragged on for almost a decade. At last, the Valluvanadu minister was captured by Samoothiri's warriors and executed at Padapparambu, and his province (Ten Kalams, including Kottakkal and Panthalur) was occupied by the Samoothiri. The Kizhakke Kovilakam Munalappadu, who took a leading part in this campaign, received half of the newly captured province from Samoothiri as a gift. The loss of this fiercely loyal chief minister was the greatest blow to Valluvanadu after the loss of Tirunavaya and Ponnani.The port of Ponnani was a prominent centre of Islamic learning and Tirunavaya was a centre of Vedic learning in medieval Kerala. The ports of Ponnani, Tanur and Parappanangadi had some of the oldest Muslim settlements in Kerala originated as a result of the trade relationship.

Late medieval period
Thrikkavil Kovilakam in Ponnani served as a second home for Zamorin, and his navy headquarters. Archaeological relics found in Malappuram include the remnants of palaces of the eastern branch of the Zamorin reign. Malappuram was the military headquarters of the Zamorin in the Eranad region. The Zamorins held sway over Malappuram and their chieftain Para Nambi, ruled the area in the early days with headquarters at Downhill (Kottappadi), Malappuram. Zamorin earned a greater part of his revenue by taxing the spice trade through his ports. Smaller ports in kingdom included Parappanangadi, Tanur, and Ponnani. The headquarters of the Azhvanchery Thamprakkal, who were considered as the supreme religious head of Kerala Brahmins, was at Athavanad. Besides, the original headquarters of the Palakkad Rajas were also at Athavanad.The works like Kozhikode Granthavari, Mamakam Kilippattu written by Kadanchery Namboodiri in 17th-century CE, Kandaru Menon Patappattu (1683), and Ramchcha Panicker Pattu contains pieces of information about the Mamankam festival held at the bank of Bharathappuzha in Tirunavaya. The modern Malayalam alphabet (accepted by Thunchaththu Ezhuthachan), and the Arabi-Malayalam script (also known as Ponnani script) were developed in the district during the medieval period. The Sanskrit works like Kokila Sandeśa (15th-century CE) written by Uddanda Śāstrī, Bhramara Sandesham (17th century CE) by Vasudevan, and Chathaka Sandesha (18th-century CE) have descriptions about Tirunavaya and Triprangode. Many medieval Malayalam works also help to trace the history of district.

Portuguese era
The ruler of the Kingdom of Tanur, who was a vassal to the Zamorin of Calicut, sided with the Portuguese, against his overlord at Kozhikode. As a result, the Kingdom of Tanur (Vettathunadu) became one of the earliest Portuguese Colonies in India. The ruler of Tanur also sided with Cochin. Many of the members of the royal family of Cochin in 16th and 17th centuries were selected from Vettom. However, the Tanur forces under the king fought for the Zamorin of Calicut in the Battle of Cochin (1504).  However, the allegiance of the Mappila merchants in Tanur region still stayed under the Zamorin of Calicut. Thunchaththu Ezhuthachan, who is considered as the father of modern Malayalam literature, was born at Tirur (Vettathunadu) during Portuguese period. The medieval Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics that flourished between the 14th and 16th centuries, was also primarily based in Vettathunadu (Tirur region)In the 16th century, the district witnessed several battles between Kozhikode naval chiefs, known as the Kunhali Marakkars, and the Portuguese colonizers. Towards the end of the year 1507, the Portuguese Viceroy Francisco de Almeida was informed that a column of 13 Muslim ships had taken cargo - mainly spices -  from Ponnani and was about to leave for the Red Sea. The Viceroy immediately decided to corner the fleet. The decision was perhaps made with a view to retrieve the Portuguese prestige lost on account of some incidents at Angediva and Dabul. Almeida himself commandeered the fleet of 12 vessels consisting of four naus, six caravels, and two gales. The fleet had about 6,000 European soldiers, led by a collection of noblemen such as Pero Barreti, Diogo Pires, Lourenco de Almeida, and Nuno da Cunha, son of Tristao da Cunha and a handful of Cochin soldiers.The defenses of the Ponnani Port were repaired and strengthened by the Zamorin after this event. The Zamorin appointed Kunjali Marakkar I, his loyal naval chief, in the port of Ponnani, to resist the Portuguese occupation. The Kunjali Marakkars are credited with organizing the first naval defense of the Indian coast. It seems that Kunjali Marakkar I, assisted by Kutti Ali and Pacchi Marakkar, subsequently constructed a naval base at Ponnani. Kutti Ali sent harassing raids from Ponnani to Cochin and reinforcement fleets to Kozhikode. In 1523 when the Viceroy Menezes sailed with all the available ships to Hormuz, an Arab merchant, one Kutti Ali of Tanur, had the effrontery to bring a fleet of two hundred vessels to Calicut, to load eight ships with pepper, and to despatch them with a convoy of forty vessels to the Red Sea before the very eyes of the Portuguese.The Zamorin later faced a protest in 1540 by Kutti Pocker, who is popularly known as Kunjali Marakkar II (a title given to the naval chief of the Zamorin) when the Zamorin signed a treaty with the Portuguese power in Ponnani. Tanur town was one of the earliest Portuguese colonies in the Indian subcontinent. In 1552, the Zamorin received assistance in heavy guns landed at Ponnani, brought by certain Yoosuf, a Turk, who had sailed against the monsoon winds. In 1566 and again in 1568, Kutti Pocker and his men captured two Portuguese ships. Around a thousand soldiers from one of these ships were killed either by the sword or drowning. Kutti Pocker was later in killed off the coast of Mangalore while returning from a successful raid on the Portuguese fort there.A Portuguese fleet of 40 vessels under the command of Diogo de Meneses is known to have pillaged Ponnani, sometime before 1570 AD. The strategic Chaliyam - also known as Challe- which was then a part of the Kingdom of Tanur, was a Portuguese garrison between 1531–1571. Chāliyam was a strategic site, for it was only 10 km south of Calicut and was situated in Chaliyar River that falls into the sea about three leagues from Calicut, which was navigable by boats all the way to the foot of the Western Ghats mountains throogh Nilambur valley. In 1532 with the help of the ruler of Tanur, a chapel was built at Chaliyam, together with a house for the commander, barracks for the soldiers, and store-houses for trade. Diego de Pereira, who had negotiated the treaty with the Zamorin, was left in command of this new fortress, with a garrison of 250 men; and Manuel de Sousa had orders to secure its safety by sea, with a squadron of twenty-two vessels. The Zamorin soon repented of having allowed this fort to be built in his dominions, and used ineffectual endeavours to induce the ruler of Parappanangadi, Caramanlii (King of Beypore?) (Some records say that the ruler of Tanur was also with them) to break with the Portuguese, even going to war against them. In 1571, the Zamorin sent against the Fort Chaliyam certain of his ministers in command over the Moors (a term used by William Logan to indicate Mappilas and Arab Merchants) of Ponnani, Tanur, and Parappanangadi, who was assisted by bodies of people from Chaliyam. The army led by troops of Zamorin won to seize the Portuguese fort at Chaliyam In 1573, Parappanangadi town was burnt by the Portuguese. In 1578, peace negotiations between Zamorin and the Portuguese were strengthened. However, the Zamorin refused to agree to construct a Portuguese fort at Ponnani. It is also known that Gil Eanes Mascarenhas opened fire from his ships to the port and killed a large number of natives in 1582. Mascarenhas was later captured and executed by the forces of Kunjali Marakkar.The Tuhfat Ul Mujahideen written by Zainuddin Makhdoom II (born around 1532) in Ponnani during 16th-century CE is the first-ever known book fully based on the history of Kerala, written by a Keralite. It is written in Arabic and contains pieces of information about the resistance put up by the navy of Kunjali Marakkar alongside the Zamorin of Calicut from 1498 to 1583 against Portuguese attempts to colonise Malabar coast. It was first printed and published in Lisbon. A copy of this edition has been preserved in the library of Al-Azhar University, Cairo.

Colonial period
When William Keeling, a sea captain of English East India Company arrived at the Kingdom of Calicut in 1615, he was allowed to start warehouses in the port of Ponnani, through a treaty signed with the then Zamorin of Calicut. By the middle of the seventeenth century, the Dutch had attained monopoly over trade in many ports in Kerala. However, some factories in Ponnani came under the trade monopoly of English. During 18th century, the de facto Mysore kingdom rulers Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan marched into Zamorin's kingdom. With headquarters at Manjeri, Tipu's army was spread in many areas. Tipu had a fort at Paloor near Perinthalmanna on his way from Palakkad to the Zamorin's kingdom, where now a waterfall only remains.
The Battle of Tirurangadi was a series of engagements that took place between the British army and Tipu Sultan between 7 and 12 December 1790 at Tirurangadi, during the Third Anglo-Mysore War. In 1792, Tipu Sultan was defeated by English East India Company through Third Anglo-Mysore War, and the Treaty of Seringapatam was agreed. As per this treaty, most of the Malabar region, including present-day Malappuram district, was integrated into the English East India Company. In 1793, the district became a part of the newly formed Malabar. 
On 20 May 1800, the East India Company separated Malabar from Bombay Presidency and annexed it with the Madras Presidency. The British had established a Barracks called Haig Barracks in the city of Malappuram, which has now been turned into Malappuram Collectorate. Malappuram acted as the military headquarters of British Malabar, as it was the centre of Malabar Special Police. Malabar Special Police is also the oldest armed police battalion in the state. The district was the venue for many of the Mappila revolts (uprisings against the British East India Company in Kerala) between 1792 and 1921. It is estimated that there were about 830 riots, large and small, during this period. Muttichira revolt, Mannur revolt, Cherur revolt, Manjeri revolt, Wandoor revolt, Kolathur revolt, Ponnani revolt, and Thrikkalur revolt are some important revolts during this period. During 1841-1921 there were more than 86 revolutions against the British officials alone. East India Company made an arrangement to collect revenue through Zamorin. However, a revolt under the leadership of Manjeri Athan Gurukkal took place against this in 1849. The district was administered as parts of Eranad, Valluvanad and Ponnani subdistricts in the South Malabar region during the British rule. The oldest teak plantation of the world at Conolly's plot is just 2 km (1.2 mi) from Nilambur town. It was named in memory of Henry Valentine Conolly, the then district collector of Malabar. The first railway line in the state started its function from Tirur to Beypore on March 12, 1861, with the oldest Railway Station at Tirur. The Koyi Thampurans of Travancore belongs to Parappanad Royal Family. It was from this family that the consorts of the Rani's Travancore family were usually selected.

Malabar Rebellion
The Malabar district political conference of Indian National Congress held at Manjeri on 28 April 1920 strengthened Indian independence movement and national movement in British Malabar. That conference declared that the Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms were not able to satisfy the needs of British India. It also argued for a land reform to seek solutions for the problems caused by the tenancy that existed in Malabar. However, the decision widened the drift between extremists and moderates within the Congress. The conference resulted in the dissatisfaction of landlords with the Indian National Congress. It caused the leadership of the Malabar district Congress Committee to come under the control of the extremists who stood for labourers and the middle class.Malappuram has been part of Khilafat Movement just after the Manjeri conference. The Khilafat non-cooperation demonstration conducted at Kalpakanchery in Ponnani Taluk (now a part of Tirur Taluk) on 22 March 1921 under the leadership of K. P. Kesava Menon was attended by about 20,000 people. The first all Kerala provincial conference of Indian National Congress held at Ottapalam in April 1921 also influenced the rebellion. Malabar Rebellion of 1921 was the last and important among the Mappila rebellions.
The cities/towns of Malappuram, Manjeri, Kondotty, Perinthalmanna, and Tirurangadi were the main strongholds of the rebels. The Battle of Pookkottur occurred as a part of the rebellion. After the army, police, and British authorities fled, the declaration of independence took place over 200 villages in Eranad, Valluvanad, Ponnani, and Kozhikode taluks. The new country was given the name Malayala Rajyam (The land of Malayalam). On August 25, 1921, Variyan Kunnathu Kunjahammed Haji inaugurated the Military Training Center at Angadipuram, which was started by the revolutionary government. The feudal customs of Kumpil Kanji and Kanabhumi were abolished and the tenants were made landowners. A tax exemption was given for one year and a tax was imposed on the movement of goods from Wayanad to Tamil Nadu. Similar to the British, the structure of administration was built upon Collector, Governor, Viceroy, and King. The parallel government established courts, tax centers, food storage centers, the military, and the legal police. Passport system was introduced for those in the new country.  Although the nation's lifespan is less than six months, some British officials have suggested that the region was ruled by a parallel government for more than a year. 

The rebels won to establish self-rule in the region for about six months. However less than six months after the declaration of autonomy, the East India Company reclaimed the territory and annexed it to the British Raj. The war was directly controlled by British Army Commander-in-Chief Chief Rawlson, General Barnett Stuart, Intelligence Chief Maurice Williams, and Police General Armitage. Many of the important British military regiments including Dorset, Karen, Yenier, Linston, Rajputana, Gorkha, Garwale, and Chin Kutchin reached Malabar for the reannexation of the South Malabar. The Wagon tragedy (1921) is still a saddening memory of the Malabar rebellion, where 64 prisoners died on 20 November 1921. The prisoners had been taken into custody following the Mappila Rebellion in various parts of the district. Their deaths through apparent negligence generated sympathy for Indian independence movement.

Post-colonial period
Malabar remained as a part of the state of Madras for a few years after the declaration of Indian independence. Malappuram was one of the five revenue divisions in the Malabar district with the Taluks of Eranad (headquartered at Manjeri) and Valluvanad (headquartered at Perinthalmanna) under its jurisdiction, while the other four being Thalassery, Kozhikode, Palakkad and Fort Cochin. Later in 1956, Malabar merged with the erstwhile state of Travancore-Cochin to form Kerala following the linguistic reorganisation of states. The newly merged Malabar was divided into Kannur, Kozhikode, and Palakkad in 1957. The Eranad Taluk of erstwhile Malappuram revenue division was added to the new Kozhikode district and Valluvanad Taluk was added to Palakkad. Large-scale changes in the territorial jurisdiction of the region took place between 1957 and 1969. On 1 January 1957, the Tirur subdistrict was formed by adjoining major portions of the Eranad and Ponnani subdistricts. Another portion of the Ponnani subdistrict was carved out to form Chavakkad subdistrict (in Thrissur district), and the remainder is the present-day Ponnani. Perinthalmanna was formed by carving out some portions from the erstwhile Valluvanad subdistrict. Of these, Eranad and Tirur subdistricts remained in Kozhikode district, while Perinthalmanna and Ponnani subdistricts continued in Palakkad.
The district of Malappuram was formed with four subdistricts (Eranad, Perinthalmanna, Tirur, and Ponnani), four towns, fourteen developmental blocks, and 95 Gram panchayats at the time. Later, Tirur Taluk was bifurcated to form Tirurangadi Taluk, and Eranad Taluk was trifurcated to form two more Taluks namely Nilambur and Kondotty.
In the early years of Communist rule in Kerala, Malappuram experienced land reform under the Land Reform Ordinance. In the 1970s, the oil reserves in the Persian Gulf countries were opened to commercial extraction and thousands of unskilled workers migrated to the gulf. They sent money home, supporting the rural economy, and by the late 20th century, the region attained First World health standards and near-universal literacy.

See also
Administration of Malappuram
Education in Malappuram
List of desoms in Malappuram (1981)
List of Gram Panchayats in Malappuram
List of people from Malappuram
List of villages in Malappuram
Transportation in Malappuram
Malappuram metropolitan area
Malappuram district
South Malabar

References
Further reading
K. V. Krishna Iyer, Zamorins of Calicut: From the Earliest Times to A D 1806. Calicut: Norman Printing Bureau, 1938.
M. G. S. Narayanan, Calicut: The City of Truth Revisited Kerala. University of Calicut, 2006
A. Sreedhara Menon, A Survey of Kerala History, (1967), Madras, 1991
S. Muhammad Hussain Nainar (1942), Tuhfat-al-Mujahidin: An Historical Work in The Arabic Language, University of Madras
William Logan (1887), Malabar Manual (Volume-I), Madras Government Press
William Logan (1887), Malabar Manual (Volume-II), Madras Government Press
Charles Alexander Innes (1908), Madras District Gazetteers Malabar (Volume-I), Madras Government Press
Charles Alexander Innes (1915), Madras District Gazetteers Malabar (Volume-II), Madras Government Press
Government of Madras (1953), 1951 Census Handbook- Malabar District (PDF), Madras Government PressEduardo da Conceição Maciel or simply Eduardo (born 12 November 1986), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward.

Career
Eduardo was born in Nova Iguaçu.
On 26 July 2014, Eduardo signed for Azerbaijan Premier League team AZAL on a two-year contract. In February 2015, during a reserve game for AZAL, suffered a season-ending injury that would require surgery.In September 2015 Eduardo moved from AZAL to fellow Azerbaijan Premier League side Zira FK, again signing a two-year contract. During the winter break of the 2015–16 season, Eduardo left Zira.In 2016 he played for Persegres Gresik United in the Indonesia Super League. He then had a short stint in the lower leagues of Brazil.
After only five appearances in 2018 the contract with Olimpia Elbląg was mutually terminated.

Career statistics
As of match played 2 December 2015

Honours
Individual

Lebanese Premier League Best Goal: 2012–13

References
External links
Eduardo at Soccerway
Eduardo at 90minut.pl (in Polish)
Eduardo at J.League (in Japanese) 
Eduardo da Conceição Maciel at ZeroZeroVicky Lillemor Birgitta von der Lancken, (born Lillemor Lindberg, 4 July 1946) is a Swedish entertainment producer and theater director.

Career
Vicky von der Lanckens career started in 1971, she became involved in the Yrkes-trubadurernas förening (YTF). She has continued her career with stage productions, she worked with the production of Rhapsody In Rock, Hotelliggaren, Svensson, Svensson, Glenn Killing på Grand, Som om inget hade hänt, Maken till fruar, Lorry, Tältprojektet, Fångad på nätet, Lögn i helvete, Kvarteret Skatan at Rival in Stockholm. Since 1989, Vicky von der Lancken has concentrated her work on the musical and theater stage productions such as My Fair Lady, and the stage production of Rain Man. She owns the entertainment production company Vicky Nöjesproduktion. She is the co-owner of the Oscarsteatern in Stockholm.On 2 February 2011, she was awarded the Smilbandetpris for her work, she was given the award by the king of Sweden, Carl XVI Gustaf. On 8 August 2011, Vicky von der Lancken presenten an episode of Sommar i P1 on Sveriges Radio were she told about her life.On 6 March 2003, Vicky von der Lancken was sentenced to one year imprisonment for tax fraud. She served five months at an open low security prison in Sagsjön.

Personal life
Vicky von der Lancken married Ernst von der Lancken in 1966, the couple divorced three years later.

References
External links
 Media related to Vicky von der Lancken at Wikimedia CommonsAdult Contemporary is a chart published by Billboard ranking the top-performing songs in the United States in the adult contemporary music (AC) market.  In 2003, eight different songs topped the chart in 52 issues of the magazine, based on weekly airplay data from radio stations compiled by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems.
In the first issue of Billboard of the new year, the number one song was Josh Groban's rendition of the 19th century Christmas song "O Holy Night", which was in its second week atop the chart.  It held the top spot for a single week in 2003 before being replaced by "Cry" by country singer Faith Hill.  Five of the year's eight chart-toppers featured female vocalists, including "Beautiful", which gave pop singer Christina Aguilera her first AC number one.  The song had been considered for release as the first single from Aguilera's album Stripped, but was passed over in favor of the uptempo, sexually-charged song "Dirrty".  When that single performed poorly, "Beautiful", a ballad with themes of personal acceptance and inner beauty, was released and went on to become one of the singer's signature tracks.  None of 2003's AC number ones topped Billboard's all-genre chart, the Hot 100; Aguilera's "Beautiful" came the closest, peaking at number 2.  In 2003 the top spot on the Hot 100 was almost exclusively occupied by R&B and hip hop acts such as Beyoncé and 50 Cent.In the issue of Billboard dated June 7, Uncle Kracker reached the top spot on the AC listing with his rendition of "Drift Away", featuring additional vocals by Dobie Gray, who had achieved the biggest hit of his career with his version of the song in 1973.  It was the first AC number one for Kracker, who had launched a solo career as a singer in 2000 after performing as the backing DJ for rap rock star Kid Rock.  Released as the lead single from Kracker's second solo album No Stranger to Shame, his version of "Drift Away" topped the AC listing for 23 consecutive weeks, keeping it atop the chart into November.  It would ultimately achieve a total of 28 weeks at number one, a new record for the AC chart which would stand until 2019 when it was broken by the band Maroon 5.  Despite this level of success, however, it would prove to be Kracker's only AC number one.  The year's final AC number one was "Unwell" by the band Matchbox Twenty.

Chart history
See also
2003 in music
List of artists who reached number one on the U.S. Adult Contemporary chart


The Rear Lighthouse of Hilton Head Range Light Station, which is also called Leamington Lighthouse is an inactive light station on Hilton Head Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina. In 1983, it was named to the National Register of Historic Places.

Overview
The light station was built by the U.S. Lighthouse Board in 1879 to 1880. It is a cast-iron, skeleton tower on six concrete piers. The hexagonal base is 30 ft (9.1 m) in diameter. There is a central, cylindrical stair tower with a spiral staircase. The hexagonal watch room and lantern has a wooden structure. The focal plane of the lantern is 87 ft (27 m) above its base and 92 ft (28 m) above mean sea level. The tower was covered with wooden sheathing, which was later covered with sheet metal. This sheathing has been removed.
The tower originally had Hains oil lamps, which were replaced in 1893 with Funck-Heap lamps. The station was deactivated in 1932. The front range light was moveable to compensate for the shifting channel. It is no longer in existence. The brick oil house standard near the tower. The South Carolina Department of Archives and History has information and pictures of the tower.The keeper's house was cut in two and moved to Harbour Town in Hilton Head. The tower is located on hole 15 of the Arthur Hills Golf Course.


The Sunday Funnies is a publication reprinting vintage Sunday comic strips at a large size (16"x22") in color. The format is similar to that traditionally used by newspapers to publish color comics, yet instead of newsprint, it is printed on a quality, non-glossy, 60 pound offset stock for clarity and longevity. Featured are classic American comic strips from the late 19th century to the 1930s. The publication's title is taken from the generic label ("Sunday funnies") often used for the color comics sections of Sunday newspapers.

Publisher
It was launched December 2011 by editor-publisher Russ Cochran, who was associated with the classic comics reprints of Another Rainbow Publishing, Gladstone Publishing and Gemstone Publishing. Cochran stated, "These are full-size, full-page comics from the greatest years of newspaper comics. Initial print runs will be very small and early issues are likely to sell out."The source of the strips is the Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum at Ohio State University, which houses Bill Blackbeard's collection of comic strips, the largest and most comprehensive in the world. Design and production is by Michael Kronenberg, who previously designed the EC Archives for Cochran.

Comic strips
The Sunday Funnies was originally planned as a 32-page monthly. Budget considerations, however, led Cochran to instead publish it as a 96-page quarterly, divided into three separate 32-page sections. Section one (labeled "Section A") of the first issue features Alley Oop, Bronc Peeler, Crazy Quilt, Gasoline Alley, Krazy Kat and Wee Willie Winkie's World, plus brief notes on the strips by Cochran. Section B features the above strips, plus Dudley Fisher's Right Around Home. Section C introduces George Herriman's Stumble Inn. The daily Gasoline Alley strips of February 14–15, 1921, are added on The Sunday Funnies' editorial page to show the arrival of Skeezix as a newborn baby on the doorstep of Walt Wallet. Also featured in the third section is an essay by Cochran, "The Vanishing Newspaper", decrying libraries' destruction of newspapers once they had been microfilmed and praising Blackbeard's role in comics preservation.
Comic strips announced as forthcoming are Frank King's Bobby Make-Believe, Buck Rogers, Frank Godwin's Connie, Flash Gordon, Billy Ireland's The Passing Show, Polly and Her Pals, Winsor McCay's A Tale of the Jungle Imps by Felix Fiddle and Terry and the Pirates.

Reaction
Captain Comics reviewed the debut issue of The Sunday Funnies:

Gasoline Alley: The current Walt and Skeezix series (volume five of which shipped recently and covers 1929-1930) reprints dailies only. There was a single volume of color Sundays released a couple of years ago, but it is not comprehensive. Frank King is known equally for his innovative Sunday layout and design as he is for his ongoing narrative in which the characters age in real time. The earliest strips are printed in duotone red and white, but full color was added after a while. This is easily my favorite feature. Alley Oop: There isn’t a comprehensive collection of Alley Oop dailies or Sundays. My second favorite feature... Stumble Inn: A thematic precursor to Berke Breathed’s Bloom County (the early days, anyway). Herriman must have been an influence on Breathed, because certain aspects of later Bloom Country, and especially its follow-up, Outland, greatly resembled Krazy Kat... These strips are reprinted in the original size, a Sunday broadsheet. The paper stock is thick, non-glossy and brilliantly white, beautifully showcasing the original colors (as well as the slight yellowing of the source paper)... Editor Russ Cochran also provides his e-mail address for feedback regarding future features.

See also
Allan Holtz
Hogan's Alley
The Menomonee Falls Gazette
Nemo, the Classic Comics Library

References
External links
Russ Cochran official site
Russ Cochran Newsletter #21Foie gras (English:  (listen), French: [fwa ɡʁɑ]; French for 'fat liver') is a specialty food product made of the liver of a duck or goose. According to French law, foie gras is defined as the liver of a duck or goose fattened by gavage (force feeding). In Spain and other countries, it is occasionally produced using natural feeding. Ducks are force-fed twice a day for 12.5 days and geese three times a day for around 17 days. Ducks are typically slaughtered at 100 days and geese at 112 days.Foie gras is a popular and well-known delicacy in French cuisine. Its flavour is described as rich, buttery, and delicate, unlike that of an ordinary duck or goose liver. Foie gras is sold whole or is prepared into mousse, parfait, or pâté, and may also be served as an accompaniment to another food item, such as steak. French law states that "Foie gras belongs to the protected cultural and gastronomical heritage of France."The technique of gavage dates as far back as 2500 BC, when the ancient Egyptians began keeping birds for food and deliberately fattened the birds through force-feeding. Today, France is by far the largest producer and consumer of foie gras, though there are producers and markets worldwide, particularly in other European nations, the United States, and China.Gavage-based foie gras production is controversial, due mainly to the animal welfare concerns about force-feeding, intensive housing and husbandry, and enlarging the liver to 10 times its usual volume. A number of countries and jurisdictions have laws against force-feeding, as well as the production, import, or sale of foie gras. Even where it is legal, a number of retailers decline to stock it.

History
Ancient times
As early as 2500 BC, the ancient Egyptians learned that many birds could be fattened through forced overfeeding and began this practice. Whether they particularly sought the fattened livers of birds as a delicacy remains undetermined. In the necropolis of Saqqara, in the tomb of Mereruka, an important royal official, there is a bas relief scene wherein workers grasp geese around the necks in order to push food down their throats. At the side stand tables piled with more food pellets, and a flask for moistening the feed before giving it to the geese.The practice of goose fattening spread from Egypt to the Mediterranean. The earliest reference to fattened geese is from the 5th century BC Greek poet Cratinus, who wrote of geese-fatteners, yet Egypt maintained its reputation as the source for fattened geese. When the Spartan king Agesilaus visited Egypt in 361 BC, he noted Egyptian farmers fattened geese and calves.It was not until the Roman period, however, that foie gras is mentioned as a distinct food, which the Romans named iecur ficatum; iecur means liver and ficatum derives from ficus, meaning fig in Latin. The emperor Elagabalus fed his dogs on foie gras during the four years of his reign. Pliny the Elder (1st century AD) credits his contemporary, Roman gastronome Marcus Gavius Apicius, with feeding dried figs to geese in order to enlarge their livers:

"Apicius made the discovery, that we may employ the same artificial method of increasing the size of the liver of the sow, as of that of the goose; it consists in cramming them with dried figs, and when they are fat enough, they are drenched with wine mixed with honey and immediately killed."

Hence, the term iecur ficatum, fig-stuffed liver; feeding figs to enlarge a goose's liver may derive from Hellenistic Alexandria, since much of Roman luxury cuisine was of Greek inspiration. Ficatum was closely associated with animal liver and it became the root word for "liver" in each of these languages: foie in French, hígado in Spanish, fígado in Portuguese, fegato in Italian, fetge in Catalan and Occitan and ficat in Romanian, all meaning "liver"; this etymology has been explained in different manners.

Postclassical Europe
After the fall of the Roman empire, goose liver temporarily vanished from European cuisine. Some claim that Gallic farmers preserved the foie gras tradition until the rest of Europe rediscovered it centuries later, but the medieval French peasant's food animals were mainly pig and sheep. Others claim that the tradition was preserved by the Jews, who learned the method of enlarging a goose's liver during the Roman colonisation of Judea or earlier from Egyptians. The Jews carried this culinary knowledge as they migrated farther north and west to Europe.The Judaic dietary law, Kashrut, forbade lard as a cooking medium, and butter, too, was proscribed as an alternative since Kashrut also prohibited mixing meat and dairy products. Jewish cuisine used olive oil in the Mediterranean, and sesame oil in Babylonia, but neither cooking medium was readily available in Western and Central Europe, so poultry fat (known in Yiddish as schmaltz), which could be abundantly produced by overfeeding geese, was substituted in their stead. The delicate taste of the goose's liver was soon appreciated; Hans Wilhelm Kirchhof of Kassel wrote in 1562 that the Jews raise fat geese and particularly love their livers. Some Rabbis were concerned that eating forcibly overfed geese violated Jewish food restrictions. Some rabbis contended that it is not a forbidden food (treyf) as none of its limbs are damaged and the geese did not feel any pain in their throats from the process. This matter remained a debated topic in Jewish dietary law until the Jewish taste for goose liver declined in the 19th century. Another kashrut matter, still a problem today, is that even properly slaughtered and inspected meat must be drained of blood before being considered fit to eat. Usually, salting achieves that; however, as liver is regarded as "(almost) wholly blood", broiling is the only way of kashering. Properly broiling a foie gras while preserving its delicate taste is difficult, and therefore rarely practised. Even so, there are restaurants in Israel that offer grilled goose foie gras. Foie gras also bears resemblance to the Jewish food staple, chopped liver.

Appreciation of fattened goose liver spread to gastronomes outside the Jewish community, who could buy in the local Jewish ghetto of their cities. In 1570, Bartolomeo Scappi, chef de cuisine to Pope Pius V, published his cookbook Opera, wherein he writes that "the liver of [a] domestic goose raised by the Jews is of extreme size and weighs [between] two and three pounds". In 1581, Marx Rumpolt of Mainz, chef to several German nobles, published the massive cookbook Ein Neu Kochbuch, describing that the Jews of Bohemia produced livers weighing more than three pounds; he lists recipes for it—including one for goose liver mousse. János Keszei, chef to the court of Michael Apafi, the prince of Transylvania, included foie gras recipes in his 1680 cookbook A New Book About Cooking, instructing cooks to "envelop the goose liver in a calf's thin skin, bake it and prepare [a] green or [a] brown sauce to accompany it. I used goose liver fattened by Bohemian Jews, its weight was more than three pounds. You may also prepare a mush of it."

Production and sales
In the 21st century, France is by far the largest producer and consumer of foie gras, though it is produced and consumed in several other countries worldwide, particularly in some other European nations, the United States, and China. Approximately 30,000 people work in the French foie gras industry, with 90% of them residing in the Périgord (Dordogne), Aquitaine in the southwest, and Alsace in the east. The European Union recognizes the foie gras produced according to traditional farming methods (label rouge) in southwestern France with a protected geographical indication.Hungary is the world's second-largest foie gras (libamáj) producer and the largest exporter. France is the principal market for Hungarian foie gras – mainly exported raw. Approximately 30,000 Hungarian goose farmers are dependent on the foie gras industry. French food companies spice, process, and cook the foie gras so it may be sold as a French product in its domestic and export markets.

2005
In 2005, France produced 18,450 tonnes of foie gras (78.5% of the world's estimated total production of 23,500 tonnes), of which 96% was duck liver and 4% goose liver. Total French consumption of foie gras in this year was 19,000 tonnes. In 2005, Hungary, the world's second-largest foie gras producer, exported 1,920 tonnes and Bulgaria produced 1,500 tons of foie gras.The demand for foie gras in the Far East is such that China has become a sizeable producer. Madagascar is a small but rapidly growing producer of high quality foie gras.

2011
In 2011 in Bulgaria (which started production in 1960), 5 million mule ducks were raised for foie gras on 800 farms, making Bulgaria the second-largest producer in Europe.

2012
In 2012, France produced approximately 19,000 tonnes of foie gras, representing 75% of the world's production in that year. This required the force-feeding of around 38 million ducks and geese. World production in 2015 is estimated as 27,000 tonnes.

2014–2015
In 2014, the whole of the EU produced approximately 25,000 tonnes of foie gras – 23,000 tonnes of duck foie gras and 2,000 tonnes of goose foie gras. The same year, France was producing 72% of world foie gras production, of which 97% was from ducks.In 2014, France produced 19,608 tons of foie gras (74.3% of the world's estimated total production).

In 2015, it was reported that in France, sales of foie gras may be waning and an OpinionWay poll found that 47% of the French population supported a ban on force-feeding.

2015–2016
In 2016, it was reported that France produces an estimated 75% of the world's foie gras and southwestern France produces approximately 70% of that total. In 2016, it can retail for upwards of $65 a pound.In late 2015, there were several outbreaks of the highly contagious H5N1 bird flu in France, which escalated during 2016. This led to Algeria, China, Egypt, Japan, Morocco, South Korea, Thailand and Tunisia banning French poultry exports, including foie gras, and France to initiate increased bio-security protocols which will cost an estimated 220 million euros. One of these measures was the halting of production in southwestern France from early April, 2016 for an anticipated period of three months to reduce the spread of the virus. Exports of foie gras from France are expected to decrease from 4,560 tonnes in 2015 to 3,160 tonnes in 2016.In the United States, the largest producer is Hudson Valley Foie Gras, which uses approximately 350,000 ducks each year.

Forms
In France, foie gras exists in different, legally defined presentations, ordered by expense:
foie gras entier ("whole foie gras"), made of one or two whole liver lobes; either cuit ("cooked"), mi-cuit ("semi-cooked"), or frais ("fresh");
foie gras, made of pieces of livers reassembled together;
bloc de foie gras, a fully cooked, moulded block composed of 98% or more foie gras; if termed avec morceaux ("with pieces"), it must contain at least 50% foie gras pieces for goose, and 30% for duck.Additionally, there is pâté de foie gras, mousse de foie gras (either must contain 50% or more foie gras), parfait de foie gras (must contain 75% or more foie gras), and other preparations (no legal obligation established).
Fully cooked preparations are generally sold in either glass containers or metal cans for long-term preservation. Whole, fresh foie gras is usually unavailable in France outside the Christmas period, except in some producers' markets in the producing regions. Frozen whole foie gras sometimes is sold in French supermarkets.
Whole foie gras is readily available from gourmet retailers in Canada, the United States, Hungary, Argentina and regions with a sizeable market for the product. In US, raw foie gras is classified as Grade A, B or C. Grade A is typically the highest in fat and especially suited for low-temperature preparation, because the veins are relatively few and the resulting terrine will be more aesthetically appealing because it displays little blood. Grade B is accepted for higher temperature preparation, because the higher proportion of protein gives the liver more structure after being seared. Grade C livers are generally reserved for making sauces as well as other preparations where a higher proportion of blood-filled veins will not impair the appearance of the dish.

Production methods
Species, breeds and sex used
Geese
Traditionally, foie gras was produced from special breeds of geese. However, by 2004, geese accounted for less than 10% of the total global foie gras production and by 2014 only 5% of total French production. Goose breeds used in modern foie gras production are primarily the grey Landes goose (Anser anser) and the Toulouse goose.In 2016, Hungary was producing 80% of the world's goose foie gras; however, production rates are likely to drop in 2017 due to outbreaks of bird flu.

Ducks
In 2014, ducks accounted for 95% of foie gras production. The breeds primarily used are the Muscovy duck (Cairina moschata) (also called the Barbary duck) and the hybrid cross of a male Muscovy duck and a female Pekin duck (Anas platyrhynchos domestica) called the Mulard duck. This hybrid is sterile and is therefore sometimes referred to as a "mule" duck. Mulards are estimated to account for about 35% of all foie gras consumed in the US. About 95% of duck foie gras production from France comes from force-fed Mulards, and the remaining 5% from the Muscovy duck.After hatching, the Mulard ducklings are sexed. Males put on more weight than females, so the females are slaughtered.

Physiological basis
The basis of foie gras production is the ability that some waterfowl have to expand their esophagus and to gain weight, particularly in the liver, in preparation for migration. Wild geese may consume 300 grams of protein and another 800 grams of grasses per day. Farmed geese allowed to graze on carrots adapt to eating 100 grams of protein, but may consume up to 2500 grams of the carrots per day. The increasing amount of feed given prior to force-feeding and during the force-feeding itself cause expansion of the lower part of the esophagus.

Pre-feeding phase
The pre-force feeding phase consists of three stages.
The first stage ("start-up") lasts from 1 to 28 days of age (0–4 weeks). During this stage, the young birds are housed in large, indoor groups (e.g. 2,100), usually on straw.
The second stage ("growth") lasts from 28 to 63 days of age (4–9 weeks). The birds are moved outside to feed on grasses ad libitum. The birds are given additional feed, but access to this is limited by time. This stage aims to take advantage of the natural dilation capacity of the esophagus of some wildfowl.
The third stage ("pre-fattening") lasts from 63 to 90 days of age (9–13 weeks). The birds are brought inside for gradually longer periods while introduced to a high starch diet. This is a feeding transition where the food is distributed by meals, first in restricted amount and time and thereafter greatly increased.

Feeding phase
The next production phase, which the French call gavage or finition d'engraissement, or "completion of fattening", involves forced daily ingestion of controlled amounts of feed for 12 to 15 days with ducks and for 15 to 18 days with geese. During this phase, ducks are usually fed twice daily while geese are fed up to three times daily. To facilitate handling of ducks during gavage, these birds are typically housed throughout this phase in individual cages or small group pens.
Typical foie gras production involves force-feeding birds more food than they would eat in the wild, and much more than they would voluntarily eat domestically.

In modern production, the bird is typically fed a controlled amount of feed, depending on the stage of the fattening process, the bird's weight, and the amount of feed the bird last ingested. At the start of production, a bird might be fed a dry weight of 250 grams (9 oz) of food per day and up to 1,000 grams (35 oz) (in dry weight) by the end of the process. The actual amount of food force-fed is much greater, because the birds are fed a mash with a composition of about 53% dry and 47% liquid (by weight). This is the equivalent to around 1,900 grams per day in total mass.The feed is administered using a funnel fitted with a long tube (20–30 cm long), which forces the feed into the bird's esophagus. If an auger is used, the feeding takes about 45 to 60 seconds, however, modern systems usually use a tube fed by a pneumatic pump with an operation time of 2 to 3 seconds per duck. During feeding, efforts are made to avoid damaging the bird's esophagus, which could cause injury or death, although researchers have found evidence of inflammation of the walls of the proventriculus after the first session of force-feeding. There is also indication of inflammation of the esophagus in the later stages of fattening. Several studies have also demonstrated that mortality rates can be significantly elevated during the gavage period.The feed, usually corn boiled with fat (to facilitate ingestion), deposits large amounts of fat in the liver, thereby producing the buttery consistency sought by some gastronomes.
Ducks reared for foie gras are typically slaughtered at 100 days of age and geese at 112 days. At this time, the bird's liver is 6 to 10 times its ordinary size. Storage of fat in the liver produces steatosis of the liver cells.

Alternative production
Fattened liver can be produced by alternative methods without gavage, and this is often referred to either as "fatty goose liver" or as foie gras (outside France), though it does not conform to the French legal definition. This method involves timing the slaughter to coincide with the winter migration, when livers are naturally fattened.The winner of the Coup de Coeur award at the Salon International d'Alimentation, SIAL 2006, Patería de Sousa produces fattened livers without force-feeding. This has only recently been produced commercially, and is a very small fraction of the market.Producers outside France do not always force-feed birds to produce fattened livers considered to be foie gras, instead allowing them to eat freely, termed ad libitum. Interest in alternative production methods has grown recently due to ethical concerns in gavage-based foie gras production. Such livers are alternatively termed fatty goose liver, ethical foie gras, or humane foie gras. The British supermarket chain Waitrose also provides a version of ethical foie gras which it calls (and has been trademarked) faux gras. This is not to be confused with the American product by the same name, produced by Regal Vegan, which has the US trademark for faux gras, and is actually a vegan, nut-based spread.The term ethical foie gras or humane foie gras is also used for gavage-based foie gras production that is more concerned with the animal's welfare (using rubber hoses rather than steel pipes for feeding). Others have expressed skepticism at these claims of humane treatment, as earlier attempts to produce fattened livers without gavage have not produced satisfactory results.A more humane version of foie gras was pioneered in the Spanish region of Extremadura, whereby the bird is tricked into preparing for migration rather than force-fed.More radical approaches have been studied. A duck or goose with a ventromedian hypothalamic (VMH) lesion will tend not to feel satiated after eating, and will therefore eat more than a non-lesioned animal. By producing such lesions surgically, it is possible to increase the bird's food consumption when permitted to eat ad libitum, by a factor of more than two.Currently, one of the few producers in the world of patented and certified goose- and ducklivers without force-feeding but up to the same standards as the traditional foie gras is the German company Foie Royale. The products of Foie Royale are being used by several Michelin star chefs throughout the world. Foie Royale developed a process together with the German Institute of Food Technologies (DIL) to get the same result as the traditional Foie Gras, but without the force-feeding.Human obesity and microbiome studies led French researchers at a startup company called Aviwell to use probiotic preparations to produce fatty livers in geese over 6 months without forced feeding.

Preparations
Generally, French preparations of foie gras are made over low heat, as fat melts faster from the traditional goose foie gras than the duck foie gras produced in most other parts of the world. American and other New World preparations, typically employing duck foie gras, have more recipes and dish preparations for serving foie gras hot, rather than cool or cold.
In Hungary, goose foie gras traditionally is fried in goose fat, which is then poured over the foie gras and left to cool; it is also eaten warm, after being fried or roasted, with some chefs smoking the foie gras over a cherry wood fire.
In other parts of the world foie gras is served in dishes such as foie gras sushi rolls, in various forms of pasta or alongside steak tartare or atop a steak as a garnish.

Cold preparations
Traditional low-heat cooking methods result in terrines, pâtés, parfaits, foams and mousses of foie gras, often flavored with truffle, mushrooms or brandy such as cognac or armagnac. These slow-cooked forms of foie gras are cooled and served at or below room temperature.
In a very traditional form of terrine, au torchon ("in a towel"), a whole lobe of foie is molded, wrapped in a towel and slow-cooked in a bain-marie. For added flavor (from the Maillard reaction), the liver may be seared briefly over a fire of grape vine clippings (sarments) before slow-cooking in a bain-marie; afterwards, it is pressed served cold, in slices.
Raw foie gras is also cured in salt ("cru au sel"), served slightly chilled.

Strasbourg pie
A pastry containing fatty goose liver and other ingredients is known as the "Strasburg pie" since Strasbourg was a major producer of foie gras.The Strasburg pie is mentioned in William Makepeace Thackeray's novel Vanity Fair as being popular with the diplomatic corps.T.S. Eliot's poem "The Ad-Dressing of Cats", part of Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats and also the last song in its musical adaptation Cats, contains the line "And you might now and then supply/Some caviar or Strasbourg pie".Capt. Aubrey and Dr. Maturin enjoy a "Strasburg pie" in Patrick O'Brian's 1988 Napoleonic sea adventure The Letter of Marque.

Hot preparations
Given the increased internationalization of cuisines and food supply, foie gras is increasingly found in hot preparations not only in the United States, but in France and elsewhere. Duck foie gras ("foie gras de canard") has slightly lower fat content and is generally more suitable in texture to cooking at high temperature than is goose foie gras ("foie gras d'oie"), but chefs have been able to cook goose foie gras employing similar techniques developed for duck, albeit with more care.
Raw foie gras can be roasted, sauteed, pan-seared (poêlé) or (with care and attention), grilled. As foie gras has high fat content, contact with heat needs to be brief and therefore at high temperature, lest it burn or melt. Optimal structural integrity for searing requires the foie gras to be cut to a thickness between 15 and 25 mm (½ – 1 inch), resulting in a rare, uncooked center. Some chefs prefer not to devein the foie gras, as the veins can help preserve the integrity of the fatty liver. It is increasingly common to sear the foie gras on one side only, leaving the other side uncooked. Practitioners of molecular gastronomy such as Heston Blumenthal of The Fat Duck restaurant first flash-freeze foie gras in liquid nitrogen as part of the preparation process.Hot foie gras requires minimal spices; typically black pepper, paprika (in Hungary) and salt. Chefs have used fleur de sel as a gourmet seasoning for hot foie gras to add an "important textural accent" with its crunch.

Consumption
Foie gras is regarded as a gourmet luxury dish. In France, it is mainly consumed on special occasions, such as Christmas or New Year's Eve réveillon dinners, though the recent increased availability of foie gras has made it a less exceptional dish. In some areas of France foie gras is eaten year-round.
Duck foie gras is the slightly cheaper and, since a change of production methods in the 1950s to battery, by far the most common kind, particularly in the US. The taste of duck foie gras is often referred to as musky with a subtle bitterness. Goose foie gras is noted for being less gamey and smoother, with a more delicate flavor.

Animal welfare
Gavage-based foie gras production is controversial due to the animal welfare consequences of the force-feeding procedure, intensive housing and husbandry, an enlarged liver and the potential for being detrimental to human health. Some countries find foie gras to be "morally objectionable". One EU committee report noted that up to 1998, there was only a small number of scientific studies on the welfare of birds used for foie gras production; however, the Committee found sufficient evidence to conclude that "force-feeding, as currently practised, is detrimental to the welfare of the birds". The industry repeatedly faces accusations of torture and cruelty.

Suitability of breeds and species
The production of foie gras occurs on the argument that migrating wildfowl seasonally eat such that their liver naturally enlarges. However, the bird used predominantly in foie gras production is a hybrid of a male Muscovy duck and a female Pekin duck. It has been noted that the Muscovy duck is non-migratory, and both the Pekin and the mulard hybrid cannot fly. Domestic ducks (including the Pekin) are derived from the mallard duck, which is sometimes migratory and sometimes not. Therefore, although the domestic goose might well be adapted to store food before migration, it is less likely that the Mulard hybrid duck has the same potential.

Force-feeding procedure
Fear
Geese and ducks show avoidance behaviour (indicating aversion) toward the person who feeds them and the feeding procedure. Although an EU committee in 1998 reported seeing this aversion, they noted that at the time, there was no "conclusive" scientific evidence on the aversive nature of force-feeding. The AVMA (Animal Welfare Division) when considering foie gras production stated "The relatively new Mulard breed used in foie gras production seems to be more prone than its parent breeds to fear of people".

Injury
An EU committee in 1998 reported that there was usually clear evidence of tissue damage in the esophagus of birds which had been gavage fed, although one 1972 study cited by the report observed no alteration of the esophageal tissue. More recent scientific studies have shown that the esophagus of birds can be injured or inflamed by gavage feeding.

Stress
After measuring a range of physiological parameters in male Mulard ducks, it was concluded in one study that the acute stress caused by force feeding is similar at the beginning and end of the commercial production of foie gras. A similar study on Muscovy ducks found that gavage feeding was related to an increase in panting behaviour and serum corticosterone levels, indicating increased stress attributable to this feeding method.

Housing and husbandry
In France, at the end of 2015, individual cages were prohibited to improve animal welfare. They were to be replaced by cages housing 4 to 5 birds.

Behavioural restriction
During the force-feeding period, the birds are kept in individual cages, with wire or plastic mesh floors, or sometimes in small groups on slatted floors. Individual caging restricts movements and behaviours by preventing the birds from standing erect, turning around, or flapping their wings. Birds cannot carry out other natural waterfowl behaviours, such as bathing and swimming. Furthermore, ducks and geese are social animals and individual cages prevent such interactions.During the force feeding period, when the birds are not being fed, they are sometimes kept in near-darkness; this prevents normal investigatory behaviour and results in poor welfare.

Injury
Lesions can occur on the sternum of the birds due to necrosis of the skin. This is observed more frequently in birds reared in cages rather than on the floor. The prevalence is higher in Mulard ducks (40–70%) compared to under 6% in Muscovy ducks. This is due to the larger pectoralis profundus major and minor muscles in Muscovy ducks compared to Mulards. The relatively new Mulard breed used in foie gras production seems more prone to developing lesions in the area of the sternum when kept in small cages, and to bone breakage during transport and slaughter.Where ducks are fattened in group pens, it has been suggested that the increased effort required to capture and restrain ducks in pens might cause them to experience more stress during force feeding. Injuries and fatalities during transport and slaughter occur in all types of poultry production, however, fattened ducks are more susceptible to conditions such as heat stress.

Enlarged liver
Foie gras production results in the bird's liver being swollen. In some species of ducks, liver size changes seasonally, increasing by as much as 30% to 50%, with more pronounced changes in females. However, foie gras production enlarges the livers up to 10 times (or 1,000%) their normal size. This impairs liver function due to the obstruction of blood flow and expands the abdomen, making it difficult for the birds to breathe. Death occurs if the force-feeding is continued.

Mortality rates
The mortality rate in force-fed birds varies from 2% to 4%, compared with approximately 0.2% in age-matched, non-force-fed drakes. Mortality rates do not differ between the force-feeding period and the previous rearing phase, with both being approximately 2.5%.

Controversy
The controversial nature of foie gras production was identified in a paper that juxtaposed the views of "foie gras production as the apotheosis of murderous meat production, and those who consider it to be a co-production between humans and animals".Animal rights and welfare advocates such as PETA, Viva!, and the Humane Society of the United States contend that foie gras production methods, and force-feeding in particular, constitute cruel and inhumane treatment of animals.
An Ipsos MORI poll found that 63% of the UK population would like to see a complete ban on the sale of foie gras in the UK.In April–May 2013, an investigator from Mercy for Animals recorded undercover video at Hudson Valley Foie Gras farm in New York state. The video showed workers forcefully pushing tubes down ducks' throats. One worker said of the force-feeding process: "Sometimes the duck doesn't get up and it dies. There have been times that 20 ducks were killed." Hudson Valley operations manager Marcus Henley replied that the farm's mortality statistics are not above average for the poultry industry. Because Hudson Valley provides foie gras to Amazon.com, Mercy for Animals began a campaign urging Amazon to stop selling foie gras, a move that has already been made by Costco, Safeway, and Target.In November 2013, the Daily Mirror published a report based on the video they obtained depicting cruelty towards ducks in a farm owned by French firm Ernest Soulard, which is a supplier to celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. The restaurant chain suspended purchasing from the supplier following the exposé.

Animal research
The process of force-feeding can make animals sick by stressing the liver. If the stress is prolonged, excess protein may build up and clump together as amyloids, consumption of which has been found to induce amyloidosis in laboratory mice. It has been hypothesized this may be a route of transmission in humans too and so be a risk for people with inflammatory complaints such as rheumatoid arthritis.

Legislation and bans
A number of countries and regions have laws against force-feeding or the sale or importation of foie gras, and even where it is legal some retailers have ceased to sell it.In 2017, foie gras production was banned in Brussels, a largely symbolic measure because of the small number of producers within the city limits. Belgium is one of a number of countries that continues to produce foie gras legally.

See also
Shen Zhu – the fattening of pigs in manner similar to gavage
List of delicacies
List of duck dishes
Ortolan bunting
Specialty foods
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, with homologous pathophysiologic aspects

Notes
References
Books

External links
Video of foie gras production.

Scientific studies
Report of the EU Scientific "Committee on Animal Health and Animal Welfare on Welfare Aspects of the Production of Foie Gras in Ducks and Geese" (PDF). (277 KiB)

Alternatives
Foie Gras without force-feeding
Faux Gras – "Foie Gras Without The Cruelty"
Foie Gras history and using microbiome manipulation without forced feeding
Chef Dan Barber tells the story of a small farm in Spain that has found a humane way to produce foie gras
Can Ethical Foie Gras Happen in America? TIME, 12 August 2009A Caress of Twilight is the second novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.

Plot introduction
A faerie princess turned private investigator in a world where faeries are not only known to the general public, but are also fashionable, the title heroine is Princess Meredith NicEssus, also known as Merry Gentry. As niece to Andais, The Queen of Air and Darkness, she is a royal of the Unseelie Court. While her aunt tried to kill her as a child, she has since offered her the title as crown princess as the Court needs more heirs.

Plot summary
A Caress of Twilight begins a few months after the events of A Kiss of Shadows. It is December, and Merry and the Sidhe warriors she has chosen as her lovers have returned to Los Angeles, California. Merry has resumed working for the Grey Detective Agency and several of the Sidhe have also joined the payroll.
Merry is approached by Maeve Reed, previously known as Conchenn before her exile from the Seelie Court and now a famous Hollywood actress. Maeve asks Merry to perform a fertility rite that will permit her to have a child by her dying human husband. In return, she tells the princess that the reason for her exile was that she had refused to become the wife of Taranis, King of Light and Illusion, because she believed he was sterile.
Galen, badly injured by the demi-fey during A Kiss of Shadows, has yet to heal, despite the usually phenomenal healing abilities of a sidhe warrior. Merry approaches the Queen of the Demi-Fey, Niceven, regarding a cure. The price of the cure and an alliance is a weekly drink of Merry's blood by a surrogate to be chosen by Niceven.
During Merry's first night in bed with Doyle, they are interrupted by Andais who reveals that the Nameless has been freed. The worst of both courts, the Nameless was the last great spell that Seelie and Unseelie had cooperated upon. They had stripped themselves of everything too awful for them to be permitted to stay in the United States, and from it had been formed the Nameless.
A strange murder brings members of the Grey Agency, including Merry, to the scene. However, their presence is challenged by others of the police force and they are thrown off site. However, this is not before they have a chance to suspect that supernatural forces are at work. It is suspected that the lives had been sucked from the murder victims by the ghosts of dead gods. Nothing is said to the police, however, as the only known person to work such a spell was a sidhe and, if it were discovered, that fact could result in all sidhe being banished from the country.
Healed from his injuries by Niceven's representative, Sage, Galen acts the part of the Green Man in the fertility ritual with Merry which results in Maeve Reed becoming pregnant.
It begins to become clear that Taranis is also planning something as various social secretaries insist upon Merry attending first the Yule Ball and then a feast in her honour. This culminates in a conversation between Merry and Taranis himself.
Finally, the Nameless attacks Maeve Reed's home. It is finally defeated by Merry and her companions, Merry herself showing for the first time her second Hand of Power - the Hand of Blood.  The result of the destruction of the Nameless is the release of the magics which formed it;  these magics transfer themselves to the victors, who begin to exhibit unforeseen side effects.

Characters
Major characters
A Caress of Twilight features the following major characters.

Andais - Queen of Air and Darkness, Merry's aunt, the sister of Essus, and mother of Cel. Andais is a war goddess, and the sadistic Queen of the Unseelie Court. Ruler of the male guard, The Ravens, she is a sadist and is widely believed to be insane. However, Andais appears to have the best interests of the Court somewhat at heart, and has sworn to abdicate her throne in favor of whichever of Cel or Merry can demonstrate themselves capable of producing new sidhe children. Her consort is Eamon.
Doyle - Captain of The Ravens, once the Queens Darkness now part of Merry's guard, and included in her many lovers,  Part Sidhe, part Hell-Hound (Gabriel Ratchet, et al.), part phouka.
Frost - Raven, The Killing Frost, second in command. He is prejudiced against Seelie Court due to his poor treatment at court, the other nobles being jealous of Frost remaining in power due to his power in the minds of the humans. Has tendency to pout. See Jack Frost.
Galen - The youngest of the Ravens and Merry's best friend. His lineage is half-pixie and half Unseelie sidhe. His powers include the subtle ability to have everyone like him. Extremely unpolitical, naive and idealistic, he is the voice of childhood reasoning for Merry. Unfortunately, letting go of those ideals is allowing Merry to survive.
Kitto - Goblin/sidhe hybrid, his Seelie sidhe mother  was raped during the goblin wars by a snake-type goblin.
Meredith NicEssus/Merry Gentry - Title heroine, Princess of Flesh and Blood, Daughter of Essus
Nicca - Raven and Spy for Andais in Merry's home. Lineage is half-demifey and half Seelie Sidhe.
Rhys/Cromm Cruach - Raven, former God of Death and film noir buff. See Crom Cruach.

Other characters
Recurring characters include:

Jeremy Grey - Owner of the Grey Detective Agency, Trowe.
Lucinda Tate - Human detective.
Maeve Reed - Formerly the goddess Conchenn and exile from the Seelie Court.
Niceven - Queen of the Demi-Fey
Sage - Demi-fey and representative of Queen Niceven.
Taranis - King of Light and Illusion.
Teresa - Employed by the Grey Detective AgencyNon-recurring characters include:

Bucca-Dhu - The last of the pure-blood Bucca-Gwidden, a Cornish sidhe.
Ethan Kane - Human bodyguard and partner in Kane and Hart.
Gordon Reed - Human husband of Maeve Reed who is dying.
Hedwick - Social secretary to King Taranis.
Jeffery Maison - Human employed by Maeve Reed.
Julian Hart  - Partner in Kane and Hart, and twin brother of Jordan.
Lieutenant Petersen - Policeman.
Marie - Maeve Reed's personal assistant.
Max Corbin - Human bodyguard.
Rosmerta - King Taranis' main social secretary.

Major themes
The need for Merry to become pregnant by one of her Guards.
Faerie politics, both within the Unseelie Court and between the Seelie and Unseelie Courts.
The increase in powers of both Merry and her men.

Allusions/references to other works
Rhys tries to persuade Merry to sing We're Off to See the Wizard from The Wizard of Oz when they head outside to join Maeve Reed by the pool.
Rhys sings the theme songs to Magnum, P.I. and Hawaii Five-O whilst at the murder scene.
Rhys' love of Film noir and Humphrey Bogart is mentioned on several occasions.

Release details
External links
Official Site
Official BlogSainte-Croix-sur-Aizier (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃t kʁwa syʁ ezje], literally Sainte-Croix on Aizier) is a former commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bourneville-Sainte-Croix.

Population
See also
Communes of the Eure department


M.G.S. Anagennisi Kolindrou (Greek: Μ.Γ.Σ. Αναγέννηση Κολινδρού) is a Greek football club, based on Kolindros, Pieria. It was founded in 1948.
The club spent two consecutive seasons in the Beta Ethniki, in 1995 and 1996. Currently it plays in the Third Division of the local Pieria championships.


WMGA was a radio station broadcasting on 580 kHz in Moultrie, Georgia, United States. Last licensed to Radio Moultrie, Inc., it operated between 1939 and 2003 from a site on the town's northern edge.
WMGA was the first radio station built in Colquitt County. However, it had its license revoked by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in 2003 due to a series of unauthorized transfers of control.

History
Frank R. Pidcock, Sr., a railroad executive and local businessman, was granted a construction permit to build a radio station with 250 watts day and 100 night (changed before launch to 250 watts) on 1370 kHz in Moultrie on July 12, 1939. WMGA began its broadcasts on November 25, and it remained on 1370 until March 29, 1941, when NARBA reallocation moved it to 1400 kHz. Frank Pidcock sold the station to his son John in 1946, and in 1948, it began a long-running association with ABC Radio. Roy Zess, station manager, acquired a stake in the station in 1954, and it increased daytime power to 1,000 watts on the 1400 frequency in 1961.In 1964, WMGA applied for a second upgrade—to move to 1130 kHz and increase power to 10,000 watts day—which would make it the most powerful station between Macon and Jacksonville. After four years of work with the FCC, approval was given in June 1968. The move to 1130 came on April 18, 1969, after the original 335-foot (102 m) tower was flanked by two new 217.5-foot (66.3 m) masts to produce a directional pattern.The Pidcock–Zess partnership continued to own WMGA until 1986, when Radio Moultrie, Inc. (RMI) acquired the station; the company was a partnership of two men from other cities in Southwest Georgia, Jim Hardy and Douglas Sutton. A minority owner was 25-year-old Art Sutton, who also was the general manager and morning host and had saved money from his sales commissions at his previous job at WTIF in Tifton; the new ownership sought to revive the once-"atrocious" station where listeners had once been invited by announcers to donate their records. The new ownership revamped the adult contemporary format and applied for a second change in frequency, this time to the lower frequency of 580 kHz, which would result in a nighttime signal covering all of Colquitt County. WMGA made the move to 580 on December 11, 1989. After a stock sale in 1990 (not reported to the FCC until the next year) in which Hardy sold all of his stake and new stock was issued to make Sutton a one-third partner with new owners James Elder Sr. and G. Christopher Elder, a dispute occurred that saw Sutton resign as general manager and be removed as an officer; he then sold the remainder of his stake in 1992.In 1998, a sequence of events began that would lead to the station's ultimate downfall. That year, the Elders entered into a time brokerage agreement with Dixie Broadcasting, Inc., which would operate the station until the two parties could agree on a sale price. No sale application was ever filed, in part because Radio Moultrie, Inc., the licensee, refused to cooperate. In 2000, Dixie then acquired a lien held by Hardy and agreed to sublease the station to Aubrey Smith and Sam and Grace Zamarron; Dixie represented to Smith and the Zamarrons that it owned the studios and equipment, even though it was not the licensee. Under the Smith-Zamarrón management, the station rebroadcast Atlanta-area Spanish-language station WAOS "La Favorita".As a result, control of the station had been transferred two times without FCC consent, as an FCC field agent learned upon visiting Moultrie on April 21, 2001. The inspector not only found evidence that RMI had completely abdicated control over WMGA's affairs, but the station was in technical disarray: the towers had been left unlit at night and were in need of repainting, the station was not using the appropriate directional array during critical hours, and its Emergency Alert System equipment was not in service, among other violations. An investigation followed, during which Radio Moultrie failed to respond to two letters of inquiry directed at the firm; as a result of RMI's lack of response and the unauthorized transfers of control, the FCC determined that Radio Moultrie "does not possess the requisite qualifications to be or remain a Commission licensee" and ordered the license revoked on November 4, 2003.


Events from the year 1879 in Sweden

Incumbents
Monarch – Oscar II
Prime Minister – Louis Gerhard De Geer

Events
- The Gothenburg tram network began operation.
- The first issue of the Karlstads-Tidningen.
- The Sabbatsberg Hospital is founded.
- The first national Flickskolemöte (Girl School Meeting) to reform female education is summoned by Hilda Caselli.

Births
13 April – Johan Petter Åhlén, businessman and Olympic medalist (d. 1939)
26 June – Gustaf Adolf Jonsson, sport shooter (died 1949).
14 August – Bernhard Larsson, sport shooter (died 1947).
20 August – Gustaf Lewenhaupt, count, military officer and horse rider (died 1962).

Deaths
3 January - Anna Johansdotter Norbäck, founder and leader of the religious movement Annaniterna  (born 1804)
26 February  – Anna Nordlander, painter (born 1843)


Dato' Haji Osman bin Sapian (Jawi: عثمان بن سفيان; 25 December 1951 – 21 December 2021) was a Malaysian politician who served as the 16th Menteri Besar of Johor from May 2018 to his resignation in April 2019.  He served as Member of the Johor State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Kempas twice from November 1999 to May 2013 and from May 2018 to his death in December 2021. He was a member of the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU), a component party of the ruling Perikatan Nasional (PN) coalition.

Politics
Prior to joining BERSATU during its formation in 2016, he was a member and MLA of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), a component party of the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition before he was dropped as the BN candidate in the 2013 general election.
In the 2018 general election (GE14), he contested and regained the Kempas state seat but as a opposition Pakatan Harapan (PH) candidate for the first time and was appointed the new first Johor Menteri Besar from BERSATU when PH won the GE14 afterwards. In April 2019, Osman resigned from office 11 months after leading the state.

Controversy
Education Credentials
Osman Sapian courted controversy when his academic qualification listed on the government portal included a bachelor's degree from Universiti Putra Malaysia. Upon investigation, it was found that he did not graduate from the university and had dropped out. Osman later clarified that it was a mistake and that he had never claimed to have graduated. His distorted academic credentials on all state government websites were taken down later.

Malaysia-Singapore disputed waters boat ride and visit
In January 2019, as the Johor Menteri Besar, Osman made a boat ride to visit a Malaysian Marine Department vessel that was anchored in  Malaysia-Singapore disputed waters which had raised protest from Singapore. In response to his visit, Singapore's Minister for Foreign Affairs Dr Vivian Balakrishnan said in a ministerial statement in Parliament that both sides must act in "good faith" to overcome bilateral issues.

Batam visit amid Kim Kim River toxic crisis
Osman had visited Batam Island, Riau, Indonesia in March 2019 amid the toxic pollution crisis of Kim Kim River, Pasir Gudang, Johor. He explained that it was working visit that was preplanned for the preparations of the visit to Johor in 2020 year and had been shortened from 3 days to 1 day trip. Somehow Osman had been blamed for neglecting the urgent matter at home as a state government chief.

Resignation as Chief Minister of Johor
On 8 April 2019, Osman tendered his resignation as Menteri Besar of Johor. The Johor Sultan officially accepted Osman's resignation on 13 April 2019. The Menteri Besar role, also known as the Chief Minister, is the highest political position in the State of Johor. The position is traditionally nominated by the Prime Minister of Malaysia who commands the majority of state legislators. The nominee is then approved and officially appointed by the Sultan of Johor.
Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, the Prime Minister of Malaysia, was known to be unhappy with Osman Sapian following several decisions that he had made against the federal government's direction.His resignation came amidst a public disagreement between the Royal family of Johor and Tun Dr Mahathir, the Prime Minister of Malaysia.On 4 September, his BERSATU membership was voided with immediate effect after he was spotted stumping for Dr, Mahathir's new Homeland Fighters' Party (PEJUANG) during the 2020 Slim by-election campaign period. However at same time Bersatu Secretary-General Hamzah Zainudin said, Osman Sapian still remained a member of BERSATU as Osman would only be called to explain regardining allegations of helping the Independent candidate campaign in the by-election, and no action has yet been taken.

Personal life and death
On 13 October 2021 Osman was admitted to the KPJ Johor Specialist Hospital after suffering a mild stroke. Osman died on 21 December 2021 at the age of 69 in Damansara from the complications of the stroke he suffer earlier. He was buried at the Ar-Raudhah Muslim Cemetery in Mount Austin, Johor Bahru.

Election results
Honours
Honours of Malaysia
Malaysia :
 Member of the Order of the Defender of the Realm (AMN) (1998)
 Johor :
 Silver Medal of the Sultan Ibrahim Medal (PIS II) (1999)
 Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Crown of Johor (SPMJ) – Dato' (2018)
 Negeri Sembilan :
 Knight Companion of the Order of Loyalty to Negeri Sembilan (DSNS) – Dato' (2007)

See also
Kempas (state constituency)

References
External links
Osman Sapian on Facebook"Der Wein" (The Wine) is a concert aria for soprano and orchestra, composed in 1929 by Alban Berg. The lyrics are from Stefan George's translation of three poems from Charles Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du mal, as is the secret text of Berg's Lyric Suite. "Die Seele des Weines" (The Wine's Soul), "Der Wein der Liebenden" (The Wine of Lovers), and "Der Wein des Einsamen" (The Wine of the Lonely One). The aria was dedicated to Ružena Herlinger, its commissioner, and first performed in Königsberg on June 4, 1930, with Hermann Scherchen.

The piece includes a parody of a tango (bars 39, 181) and includes an alto saxophone. The tone row contains a complete ascending D harmonic minor scale and the remaining five notes are ordered so that in the inverted form they arpeggiate a jazzy added sixth chord with blue third (G, F, D♭, D, B♭). The central sonority of the work, as characteristic of Berg's later music, comprises triads separated by half an octave: F and B♮ (in German: H) superimposed over a low D♭. These two letter names, H and F, are presumably a reference to Hanna Fuchs-Robettin, and the title may be a reference to her husband's wine cellar.The music of the central section of a ternary ABA structure "is a palindrome within itself," with the outer sections being through-composed. Bars 112 to 140 are then heard in retrograde as bars 140 to 170.

Sources
External links
Palmer, John. Der Wein at AllMusic. Retrieved 21 August 2012.
"Der Wein" on YouTube – Annelies Kupper, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Hermann Scherchen (1957) (Scherchen also conducted the premiere)The Electric (better known as The Electric Slide) is a four wall line dance set to Marcia Griffiths and Bunny Wailer's song "Electric Boogie".Choreographer, pianist and Broadway performer Richard L. "Ric" Silver created the dance in 1976 from a demo of the Bunny Wailer recording. There are several variations of the dance. The original choreography has 22 steps, but variants include the Freeze (16 step), Cowboy Motion (24 step), Cowboy Boogie (24 step), and the Electric Slide 2 (18 step). The 18-step variation became popular in 1989 and for ten years was listed by Linedancer Magazine as the number-one dance in the world.

Controversy
In 2007, Silver filed DMCA-based take-down notices to YouTube users who posted videos of people performing the 18-step dance variation.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) filed suit on behalf of videographer Kyle Machulis against Silver, asking the court to protect Machulis's free speech rights in recording a few steps of the dance in a documentary video posted to the Internet.On May 22, 2007, the EFF came to an agreement to settle the lawsuit: the settlement states that Silver will license the Electric Slide under a Creative Commons noncommercial license and to also post the new license on any of his current or future websites that mention the Electric Slide.

References
External sources
The Electric SlideLake Lure is a lake reservoir near Lake Lure, North Carolina.

History
In 1925, the Morse family created Carolina Mountain Power Company and funded the construction of a dam on the Broad River (through a mortgage) which produced the lake after which the town is named. The full impoundment of Lake Lure was completed in 1927. At ordinary water levels, Lake Lure covers approximately 720 acres (2.9 km2) and has a shoreline of approximately 27 miles (43 km). The dam's power plant began operations in 1928 with the sale of electricity under a 10-year contract to the Blue Ridge Power Company, a local predecessor of Duke Power.

References

attribution contains text copied from Lake Lure, North CarolinaHafiz Rasheed Ahmed who served as a member of the Senate of Pakistan from March 2006 to March 2012.He is the son of Ghulam Mohammad Sadiq, former member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.


Changesbowie is a compilation album by English rock musician David Bowie, released by Rykodisc in the US and by EMI in the UK in 1990. The compilation was part of Rykodisc's remastered Bowie reissue series, replacing the deleted RCA Records compilations Changesonebowie and Changestwobowie.

Reception
While the cover artwork was dismissed by author David Buckley as "a sixth-form cut 'n' paste collage", the collection gave Bowie his first UK chart-topping album since Tonight in 1984. The Guinness Book of British Hit Albums noted that Changesbowie was "his seventh album to enter the chart at number one. Nobody else had debuted at the top as often."

Track listing
All tracks are written by David Bowie, except where noted.When Changesbowie was issued in Rykodisc's AU20 series on CD in 1996, "Fame '90" was replaced by the album version of "Fame." The front insert still listed the track list as containing the "Fame '90 remix." The back insert of the CD correctly listed "Fame" rather than "Fame '90 remix"; however, it omitted the track "Diamond Dogs." The back of the Obi wrap lists all tracks correctly.

Charts
Certifications
References
Sources
External links
Changesbowie at Discogs (list of releases)Lepeda Beach is a beach in the south east of the Paliki, in Kefalonia, Greece. The beach is about 2 km (1.2 mi) south of Lixouri.

Character
The beach is at the end of a length of coast road. A steep curved ramp leads down to an open bay with a strip of orange-red sandy beach, which is up to 10 metres (33 ft) wide in places. The beach is about 150 m (490 ft) long, with ample access for swimming, along with having sets of distinctive rocks near shore margin towards the north end of the beach.

Geology
The adjacent area is composed of local limestone with a brushwood cover. Homes with beach front access dot the area.

Travel and amenities

A short, steep, well-made road leads down to the beach area. The beach has a single small shop selling drinks. It is possible to hire a sunshade. A volleyball net is often in place. Many people try and park on the steep road, however, going right to the bottom of the incline and turning left immediately in front of the small shop leads down a road to a larger car park area.


Richmond Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 10,546 at the 2010 census.

Geography
Richmond Heights is located at 41°33′29″N 81°30′13″W (41.558183, -81.503651). Richmond Heights borders Euclid on the west, Lyndhurst and South Euclid on the south, Highland Heights on the east, and Willoughby Hills to the north.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 4.45 square miles (11.53 km2), of which 4.44 square miles (11.50 km2) is land and 0.01 square miles (0.03 km2) is water.

Demographics
82.7% spoke English, 4.8% Russian, 3.1% Spanish, 1.9% Slovene, 1.7% Italian, 1.2% Chinese, and 1.1% Croatian.Of the city's population over the age of 25, 38.5% held a bachelor's degree or higher.

2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 10,546 people, 4,766 households, and 2,812 families living in the city. The population density was 2,375.2 inhabitants per square mile (917.1/km2). There were 5,370 housing units at an average density of 1,209.5 per square mile (467.0/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 48.5% White, 44.9% African American, 0.1% Native American, 4.3% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8% of the population.
There were 4,766 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were married couples living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.84.
The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,944 people, 4,864 households, and 2,971 families living in the city. The population density was 2,504.4 people per square mile (966.9/km2). There were 5,060 housing units at an average density of 1,157.9 per square mile (447.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 68.98% White, 23.87% Black, 0.05% Native American, 4.74% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.65% from other races, and 1.67% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.58% of the population.
There were 4,864 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.85.
In the city the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $43,625, and the median income for a family was $60,136. Males had a median income of $40,414 versus $30,537 for females. The per capita income for the city was $25,738. About 4.3% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.9% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

Residential areas
Some popular developments include the Richmond Bluffs, near the Cuyahoga County Airport, off Richmond Road, the Rushmore Subdivision, off of Highland Road, and Richwood, south of the Richmond-Highland Roads intersection. The largest residential area in Richmond Heights is the Scottish Highlands, off of Highland Road. Many ranch-style homes are found throughout the area.
Many apartments are also located in Richmond Heights. Some major complexes are located throughout the Loganberry section of Richmond Heights (between Brush Road and Chestnut Lane on Chardon Road, or Route 6).

History
Richmond Heights was founded as the Village of Claribel in 1917, but was later renamed as Richmond Heights in 1918.

School system
Richmond Heights has a local school district. Richmond Heights High School has a total enrollment of 335 students, with 58% of students of African American descent, 36% Caucasian, 3% Asian American, 2% multiracial, and 1% Hispanic. The mascot is the Spartans and the colors are stated officially as royal blue and white. As of recently, the Richmond Heights Schools had been struggling to pass levies on the school, thus leading to strike from teachers of the schools, demanding more pay, and loss of transportation, bands, and now a "pay-to-play" situation in all sports.
Richmond Heights recently did pass a levy in 2009 that will provide the school with more tax dollars from the city, thus bringing back possible transportation for the students.

See also
Richmond Town Square

References
External links
City of Richmond Heights"Det vackraste" (lit. "The Most Beautiful Thing" eng. "Living in a Dream") is a Swedish love song. It was originally sung by Swedish pop singer Cecilia Vennersten and finished second in the Melodifestivalen 1995, the Swedish selections for Eurovision Song Contest. The song was released as a single and stayed 47 weeks in the Swedish singles chart total, including seven weeks at number-one. It also stayed at Svensktoppen for 26 weeks during the period 29 April-21 October 1995, with 3rd place as best result there. The song was awarded a Swedish Grammy Award, Grammis, for Best Song of 1995. In Norway, "Det vackraste" peaked at number 2.
The song is written by Nanne Grönvall, Peter Grönvall and Maria Rådsten. They also form the pop group One More Time, and they recorded the song with English lyrics in 1997, called "Living in a Dream".
In 1999, Belgian artist Dana Winner recorded another English version of the song, now named "I'll Sing a Song Today", about nature.
In 2005, ten years after the original performance by Cecilia Vennersten, a cover version of the original lyrics was recorded by Swedish dansband and schlager singer Lotta Engberg on her album Kvinna & man.

Chart
References


== External links ==Mac OS Icelandic is a character encoding used in Apple Macintosh computers to represent Icelandic text. It is largely identical to Mac OS Roman, except for the Icelandic special characters Ý, Þ and Ð which have replaced typography characters.
IBM uses code page 1286 (CCSID 1286) for Mac OS Icelandic.

Layout
Each character is shown with its equivalent Unicode code point. Only the second half of the table (code points 128–255) is shown, the first half (code points 0–127) being the same as ASCII.

^¤  Before Mac OS 8.5, the character 0xDB mapped to the currency sign (¤), Unicode character U+00A4.
^ﬁ  The character 0xBB maps to ﬁ, Unicode character U+FB01, in the TrueType Mac Icelandic fonts.
^ﬂ  The character 0xBC maps to ﬂ, Unicode character U+FB02, in the TrueType Mac Icelandic fonts.
^*  The character 0xF0 is a solid Apple logo. Apple uses U+F8FF in the Corporate Private Use Area for this logo, but it is usually not supported on non-Apple platforms.


Azanus isis, the white-banded babul blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae which is native to the tropics and subtropics of sub-Saharan Africa.

Range and habitat
It is found in Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, southern Nigeria, Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, Angola, the DRC, Uganda, Ethiopia, north-western Tanzania and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of forest edges and clearings, woodland and moist savanna.

Habits and food plants
Adult males mud-puddle, visit carcasses and excrement and settle on sweaty clothing and skin. They are attracted to traps baited with rotting shrimp. The larvae feed on Dichrostachys cinerea africana and Dichrostachys glomerata.


Reutech Radar Systems (RRS) is a subsidiary of Reunert Limited, a South African defence and aerospace technology company. The company headquartered in Stellenbosch manufactures radar and radar-related systems. It is a supplier of search and tracking systems for application in the military and paramilitary environments as well as a Movement and Surveying Radar System for open-pit mining.

Products
Products made by RRS include 3D and 2D search and surveillance radars, tracking radars, sub-systems and mining sensor systems.

References
External links
Reunert LimitedFred Finn (born 1919, Killavil, County Sligo – died January, 1986) was a popular musician in South Sligo, in western Ireland, known for his wit and humour as well as his fiddle playing. His father Mick, a Fianna Fáil activist and former councillor, was also a fiddle player. 
Fred played with many musicians from the locality, and for 30 years performed as a duo with Peter Horan.

Footnotes
Discography
Music of Sligo (with Peter Horan)

External links
Comhaltas Ceoltoiri Eireann page
Video of Peter Horan and Fred Finn on YouTubeEdward Lodewijk Van Halen ( van HAY-lən, Dutch: [ˈɛtʋɑrt ˈloːdəʋɛik fɑn ˈɦaːlə(n)]; January 26, 1955 – October 6, 2020), was an American musician and songwriter. He was the main songwriter, guitarist and keyboardist of the rock band Van Halen, which he co-founded in 1972 with his brother, drummer Alex Van Halen, alongside bassist Mark Stone and singer David Lee Roth. He is regarded as one of the all-time greatest guitar players in rock history and was well known for popularizing the tapping guitar solo technique, allowing rapid arpeggios to be played with two hands on the fretboard.

Early life
Born in Amsterdam, Netherlands, Edward Lodewijk Van Halen was a son of Jan van Halen and Eugenia (née van Beers). Jan was a Dutch jazz pianist, clarinetist and saxophonist, and Eugenia was an Indo (Eurasian) from Rangkasbitung on the island of Java in the Dutch East Indies. The family eventually settled in Nijmegen, Netherlands.After experiencing mistreatment for their mixed-race relationship in the 1950s, the parents moved the family to the U.S. in 1962. They settled near other family members in Pasadena, California, where Eddie and his brother Alex attended a segregated elementary school. Since the boys did not speak English as a first language, they were considered "minority" students and experienced bullying by white students. However, the brothers still managed to learn piano starting at age six. They commuted from Pasadena to San Pedro to study with an elderly piano teacher, Stasys Kalvaitis.Van Halen was never taught to read music; instead, he would watch recitals of Bach or Mozart and improvise. Between 1964 and 1967, he won first place in the annual piano competition held at Long Beach City College. His parents wanted the boys to be classical pianists, but Van Halen gravitated towards rock music. He was greatly influenced by British Invasion bands like The Beatles and The Dave Clark Five. Consequently, when Alex began playing the guitar, Eddie bought a drum kit for himself; however, after he heard Alex's performance of the Surfaris' drum solo in the song "Wipe Out", he gave Alex the drums and began learning how to play the electric guitar. According to him, as a teen he would often practice while walking around at home with his guitar strapped on or sitting in his room for hours with the door locked.Eddie and Alex formed their first band with three other boys, calling themselves The Broken Combs, performing at lunchtime at Hamilton Elementary School in Pasadena, when he was in the fourth grade. He would later cite this performance as key to his desire to become a professional musician.Van Halen described supergroup Cream's "I'm So Glad" on the album Goodbye as "mind-blowing". He once claimed that he had learned almost all of Eric Clapton's solos in the band Cream note for note... "I've always said Eric Clapton was my main influence," he said, "but Jimmy Page was actually more the way I am, in a reckless-abandon kind of way."Speaking at an event at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History in 2015, Van Halen discussed his life and the American Dream, saying "We came here with approximately $50 and a piano, and we didn't speak the language. Now look where we are. If that's not the American dream, what is?"

Career
Van Halen
Eddie and his brother Alex formed a band in 1972. Two years later, the band changed its name to "Van Halen" and, at the same time, became a staple of the Los Angeles music scene while playing at well-known clubs like the Whisky a Go Go.At a 1976 concert at The Starwood in California, the band opened for UFO, and in the crowd KISS bassist Gene Simmons watched the performance, and as he remembers it, "I was waiting back stage by the third song." Gene asked the band about their future plans, and the band said, "There is a yogurt manufacturer that is going to invest in us." Gene begged them not to go that route and invited the band to record some demos at Electric Lady Studios in Greenwich Village in New York City. Gene then signed them to his company and the band recorded early demos of their songs, including "Runnin' with the Devil". Gene went to KISS manager Bill Aucoin, and KISS frontman Paul Stanley, excited about the band, but they were not thrilled with the idea and dismissed Gene's plan to sign them to Aucoin's management fold. Stanley later admitted that he "rejected Van Halen to protect KISS", and that they made an effort to make Gene drop the band to "keep Gene in check". The discouraging words from the band caused Gene to rip up the contract, and he “let them go” after feeling he may have held the band back.
The next year, Warner Records offered Van Halen a recording contract.Eddie remained on good terms with Gene, and it was rumored that Eddie nearly replaced guitarist Ace Frehley after his departure from KISS in 1982, and that Gene talked him out of leaving Van Halen. Neither Paul Stanley nor Eddie Van Halen remember this happening. Paul Stanley does remember Eddie coming down to the studio and being "blown away" by their song "Creatures of the Night" and telling Stanley he wanted to get into playing keyboards. Stanley was confused at Eddie's interest in keyboards, but his interest resulted in the creation of "Jump".Upon its release in 1978, the band's album Van Halen reached number 19 on the Billboard pop music charts, becoming one of rock's most commercially successful debuts. It was highly regarded as both a heavy metal and hard rock album. By the early 1980s, Van Halen was one of the most successful rock acts of the time.Eddie recorded the solo on the Michael Jackson song "Beat It" after The Who guitarist Pete Townshend was unavailable, so Pete recommended Eddie. Eddie met with Quincy Jones and Jackson. Unsure of what he could add to a pop song, he played along with the song and ended up restructuring it and adding the classic solo. In a 2012 CNN interview,  Eddie said, "I listened to the song, and I immediately go, 'Can I change some parts?' I turned to the engineer and I go, 'OK, from the breakdown, chop in this part, go to this piece, pre-chorus, to the chorus, out.' Took him maybe 10 minutes to put it together. And I proceeded to improvise two solos over it." He added, "I was just finishing the second solo when Michael walked in. And you know artists are kind of crazy people. We're all a little bit strange. I didn't know how he would react to what I was doing. So I warned him before he listened. I said, 'Look, I changed the middle section of your song.' Now in my mind, he's either going to have his bodyguards kick me out for butchering his song, or he's going to like it. And so he gave it a listen, and he turned to me and went, 'Wow, thank you so much for having the passion to not just come in and blaze a solo but to actually care about the song and make it better." Jackson liked the idea and it was kept in the final track. Eddie refused payment for his work. Jackson's Thriller ironically went to the number one spot on the charts, pushing Van Halen's album, 1984, to number two. 1984 went five-times Platinum a year after its release. The lead single "Jump" became the band's first and only number-one pop hit and garnered them a Grammy nomination.The band won the 1992 Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance with Vocals for the album For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge. In 2019, the band ranked 20th on the RIAA list of best-selling artists, with 56 million album sales in the United States and more than 100 million worldwide. Additionally, Van Halen charted 13 number-one hits in the history of Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart; meanwhile, VH1 ranked the band seventh on a list of the top 100 hard rock artists of all time, and, in 2007, Van Halen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Individually, Van Halen received acclaim for his guitar work in the band.

Other work
Van Halen engaged in several projects outside of his eponymous band, including solo work and partnerships with his brother on film soundtracks (such as The Wild Life, Twister, and Sacred Sin) as well as musical collaborations with Kiss bassist Gene Simmons, singer/songwriter Nicolette Larson, Queen guitarist Brian May, Sammy Hagar, Black Sabbath, Roger Waters, Toto guitarist Steve Lukather, and LL Cool J. In 1982, he contributed the guitar solo to "Beat It", for Michael Jackson's Thriller, which became the biggest selling album of all time. In addition, Van Halen made cameo appearances in the music video for Frank Sinatra's "L.A. Is My Lady", an episode of Café Americain starring his then-wife Valerie Bertinelli, and an episode of Two and a Half Men.Van Halen was awarded three patents related to guitars: a folding prop to support a guitar in a flat position, a tension-adjusting tailpiece, and an ornamental design for a headstock.In February 2017, Van Halen donated 75 guitars from his personal collection to Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation, a program that provides musical instruments to students in low-income schools.

Endorsements and branding
Guitars
In 1982, Van Halen made his first guitar endorsement by launching the 5150 Baretta model with Kramer. This partnership lasted a decade. In 1991, Van Halen began working with Ernie Ball / Music Man, developing the Music Man EVH model guitar — a partnership that lasted until 1995. In 1996, Van Halen teamed up with Peavey, where they developed the Peavey EVH Wolfgang; this relationship lasted until 2004, when Van Halen joined forces with Fender, initially releasing the Edward-endorsed Art Series guitars under Fender's Charvel brand and later developing the EVH brand.

Strings
Van Halen's first string endorsement deal happened around 1989 when Ernie Ball launched the 5150 EVH line of guitar strings. The gauge of the strings differed slightly from typical electric guitar strings at the time, which were 9, 11, 16, 24, 32 and 42 (in thousandths of an inch) - the EVH Ernie Ball strings measured 9, 11, 15, 24, 32 and 40. After this endorsement deal ended, guitar strings became part of the Fender EVH line and are now sold as EVH Premium Strings.

Amplifiers
In 1993, Van Halen collaborated with Peavey Electronics to develop a series of amplifiers and cabinets, collectively called the 5150 series, which ended in 2004. Van Halen then began work with Fender, developing the EVH products and brand.

EVH
In 2007, the first EVH branded amplifiers were produced by Fender, followed shortly after by a limited-edition "Frankenstrat" inspired guitar.  In 2009, they continued to press forward on the guitar front by releasing the Wolfgang-inspired EVH guitar line. The brand has since expanded to include additional guitars and accessories.

Style and influence
Tapping
Van Halen's 1978 instrumental solo "Eruption", which was voted number 2 in Guitar World's readers poll of the "100 Greatest Guitar Solos", showcased the tapping technique, which uses both left and right hands on the guitar neck. Although he popularized tapping, he did not invent the technique. According to MusicRadar, Steve Hackett – lead guitarist with Genesis in the 1970s – is "widely credited with inventing two-handed tapping" and was an influence on Van Halen. When asked about this, Hackett said, "Eddie and I have never spoken about it, but yes, he has credited me with tapping... Eddie is a fine player, of course, and he's the one who named the technique."
George Lynch said in an interview that he and Van Halen saw Harvey Mandel tap at the Starwood in the 1970s. Van Halen named Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin as an influence, saying in one interview with Guitar World:"I think I got the idea of tapping watching Jimmy Page do his "Heartbreaker" solo back in 1971. He was doing a pull-off to an open string, and I thought wait a minute, open string ... pull off. I can do that, but what if I use my finger as the nut and move it around? I just kind of took it and ran with it."
Until it expired in 2005, Van Halen held a patent for a flip-out support device that attaches to the rear of the electric guitar. This device enables the user to employ the tapping technique by playing the guitar in a manner similar to the piano with the face of the guitar oriented upward instead of forward.

Guitars
Van Halen used custom equipment throughout his career. His original choice of guitar was a Gibson Les Paul, for which he replaced the original P90 pickup on the bridge with a humbucker in order to sound like Eric Clapton. He is most associated with the Frankenstrat, a custom guitar he built from parts. The maple neck cost $80, while the ash body was bought for $50 as the wood had a knot in it. The tremolo arm was originally taken from a 1958 Fender Stratocaster, and was later replaced with a Floyd Rose arm. The guitar had a single Gibson PAF (patent applied for) bridge pickup from a Gibson ES-335, which he enclosed with paraffin wax to prevent feedback. The Frankenstrat was originally painted black, but was recoated with Schwinn red bicycle paint in 1979.For Van Halen's 2012 tour, and early 2015 television appearances, he used a Wolfgang USA guitar with a black finish and ebony fretboard. For the 2015 tour, he used a white Wolfgang USA guitar designed by Chip Ellis, featuring a custom kill switch.Eddie Van Halen used a mini-Les Paul guitar for "Little Guitars" (Diver Down). This is the only Van Halen recording that the guitar was used for. The mini-Les Paul was made by Nashville luthier David Petschulat and was pitched and sold to him during a tour stop in Nashville, Tennessee. He later purchased a second mini-LP guitar, built to slightly different specs, the first being a honey-sunburst with mini-humbuckers, and the second being dark wine-red with a thicker body and full-size humbuckers.

Pickup selection
Van Halen used a variety of pickups, including 1970s Mighty Mites, which were made by Seymour Duncan and were copies of DiMarzio Super Distortion pickups. He also used Gibson PAFs, one of which was rewound by Seymour Duncan in 1978.In an interview with Guitar World in 1985, Van Halen stated that his guitar sound style which he called "brown sound" is "...basically a tone, a feeling that I'm always working at ... It comes from the person. If the person doesn't even know what that type of tone I'm talking about is, they can't really work towards it, can they?" In an interview with Billboard magazine in June 2015, he stated that with the expression "brown sound" he actually tried to describe the sound of his brother Alex's snare drum, which he thought "...sounds like he’s beating on a log. It’s very organic. So it wasn’t my brown sound. It was Alex's."

Keyboards
The first recorded keyboard work by Van Halen is "And the Cradle Will Rock...", written and performed on a Wurlitzer electric piano through a Marshall amp. The riff for "Dancing in the Street" (on Diver Down) was written and performed on Minimoog. "Jump" and "I'll Wait" were written and performed on Oberheim OB-Xa, while "Dreams", "Why Can't This Be Love" and "Love Walks In" are with Oberheim OB-8. Eddie also wrote "When It's Love" and "Right Now" on keyboards.
During the 5150 and OU812 tours, Eddie Van Halen would play keyboard parts live while Hagar played the guitar. From the For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge tour, Van Halen played guitar throughout the concerts, while the keyboards were played backstage by touring keyboardist Alan Fitzgerald up through 2004, a fact kept low-key in the press.

Personal life
In 1980, Van Halen met actress Valerie Bertinelli at a Van Halen concert in Shreveport, Louisiana. They married in California eight months later on April 11, 1981, and had one son, Wolfgang, in 1991. In 2005, Bertinelli filed for divorce in Los Angeles after four years of separation. The divorce was finalized in 2007.The following year, Eddie proposed to his girlfriend, Janie Liszewski, an actress and stuntwoman who was Van Halen's publicist at the time. The two married in 2009 at his Studio City estate, with his son Wolfgang and ex-wife Bertinelli in attendance. His brother Alex Van Halen is an ordained minister, and he officiated Eddie's 2009 wedding and that of his former sister-in-law, Valerie Bertinelli, in 2011.

Health and death
Van Halen struggled with alcoholism and drug abuse. He began smoking and drinking at the age of 12, and he stated that he eventually needed alcohol to function. He entered rehabilitation in 2007, and later shared in an interview that he had been sober since 2008.Suffering from lingering injuries from past, high-risk, acrobatic stage performances and crashes, Eddie underwent hip replacement surgery in 1999, after his chronic avascular necrosis, with which he was diagnosed in 1995, became unbearable. He began receiving treatment for tongue cancer in 2000. The subsequent surgery removed roughly a third of his tongue. He was declared cancer-free in 2002. He blamed the tongue cancer on his habit of holding guitar picks in his mouth, stating in 2015: "I used metal picks – they're brass and copper – which I always held in my mouth, in the exact place where I got the tongue cancer. ... I mean, I was smoking and doing a lot of drugs and a lot of everything. But at the same time, my lungs are totally clear. This is just my own theory, but the doctors say it's possible."In 2012, Van Halen underwent emergency surgery for a severe bout of diverticulitis. Recovery time required due to the surgery led to postponement of Van Halen tour dates scheduled in Japan. Van Halen was later hospitalized in 2019 after battling throat cancer over the previous five years, and his ex-wife Valerie Bertinelli also mentioned a battle with lung cancer in an Instagram post shortly after his death. He died of a stroke at Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California, on October 6, 2020, at the age of 65, surrounded by his wife, Janie; son and current (at the time) bassist of Van Halen, Wolfgang; ex-wife, Valerie Bertinelli; and brother and co-founder/drummer of Van Halen, Alex. His son, Wolfgang, confirmed his death on social media later that same day. Some of Van Halen's childhood landmarks in Pasadena became memorials where fans could pay their respects.On November 16, 2020, Wolfgang Van Halen announced on The Howard Stern Show that Van Halen would not continue as a band, saying "You can't have Van Halen without Eddie Van Halen".

Legacy
At the 2020 Billboard Music Awards, Eddie Van Halen was honored by several former musicians he worked with. Jack White from The White Stripes, G. E. Smith, Charlie Benante from Anthrax, and Dierks Bentley gave speeches as a tribute to his career. Wolfgang Van Halen also shared several personal photos between him and his father.On October 10, 2020, Saturday Night Live paid tribute by playing a clip of him performing with G. E. Smith from a February 1987 show, which was hosted by Valerie Bertinelli.In 2020, the Pasadena Library, located in Pasadena, California, offered several archives and documents related to Eddie Van Halen. The collection included several albums, along with photographs by Neil Zlozower, and several CDs. The library also uploaded Van Halen's albums to Hoopla.

References
External links
Eddie Van Halen at IMDbBori is a village in Jintur taluka of Parbhani district in Maharashtra state of India.

Demography
Bori has total 2534 families residing. The Bori village has population of 13,438 of which 6,919 are males while 6,519 are females as per Population Census 2011. It is the largest gram panchayat of Parbhani district with 17 members.Average Sex Ratio of Bori village is 942 which is higher than Maharashtra state average of 929.Bori village has lower literacy rate compared to Maharashtra. In 2011, literacy rate of Bori village was 74.93% compared to 82.34% of Maharashtra. In Bori Male literacy stands at 83.35% while female literacy rate was 66.17%.Schedule Caste (SC) constitutes 15.25% while Schedule Tribe (ST) were 0.83% of total population in Bori village.

Transport
Bori is located 30 kilometres (19 mi) towards north from district headquarters Parbhani, and 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) towards south from Jintur. It is 479 kilometres (298 mi) from state capital Mumbai.
Bori is surrounded by Manwat taluka 34 kilometres (21 mi) towards west, Parbhani taluka towards south, Sailu taluka 34 kilometres (21 mi) towards west, Aundha Nagnath taluka towards east. It is on state highway and has easy connectivity to Parbhani, and Jintur.
Nearest railway stations to Bori include Parbhani 29 kilometres (18 mi), and Manwat road 28 kilometres (17 mi)

Governance
Bori comes under Parbhani (Lok Sabha constituency) for Indian general elections and current member of Parliament representing this constituency is Sanjay Haribhau Jadhav of Shiv Sena.Bori comes under Jintur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) for assembly elections of Maharashtra. Current representative from this constituency in Maharashtra state assembly is Vijay Manikrao Bhamale of Nationalist Congress Party.As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Bori village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of a village. The current representative from this constituency is Mrs. Nirmalabai Shivajiroa Chaudhari of Nationalist Congress Party.

Education
Colleges
Dnyanopasak College of Arts, Commerce, Science, and Technology
Shakuntalabai Bordikar Junior College
Basaveshwar Junior College
Saikrupa Junior College

Schools
Z.P. High School
Z.P. Kanya School
Dyanopasak Vidyalay, Bori
Shakuntala Bordikar Vidyalaya
Saikrupa English School
Saikrupa Primary and Secondary School
New Era English School
Turabul Haq Urdu H S Bori

See also
Zari
Jintur


Batu Rakit is a mukim in Kuala Nerus District, Terengganu, Malaysia.


Janus Stark, or The Incredible Adventures of Janus Stark, is a British comic strip series, originally written by Tom Tully and drawn by Francisco Solano López. It is about an escapologist in Victorian London who appears to be simply an unusual act on the music hall stage, but who privately uses his extraordinary abilities to battle against injustice. The strip debuted on 15 March 1969 in Smash! and ran in that title until 1971, when it moved to Valiant, running for another four years until 1975. 
The character was later revived in France, running in his own title until the mid-1980s.

Publication history
Solano López was a foreign illustrator, born in Argentina, who worked at a studio in Spain. For reasons of cost, IPC had taken a policy decision to source artwork from cheaper sources outside the UK. The strip was one of the few to survive the merger of Smash! into Valiant in 1971, running in that title from 10 April 1971 to 22 March 1975. With the move, the scripts were taken over by Angus Allan with art by the studio of Solano López.
The Incredible Adventures of Janus Stark was reprinted and translated into French in his own title, published by Mon Journal, beginning in 1973. When the publication ran out of reprint material, they created new adventures, lasting until issue #89 (May 1986).

Fictional character biography
The protagonist was born in 1840 as the orphan Jonas Clarke. His background story explains that he was sent to an orphanage where he was mistreated, but escaped and lived in the streets. There he befriended a beggar, Blind Largo, who taught him pickpocketing, but also trained Clarke's unique gift for body bending and escaping. Stark has an unusually flexible bone structure, enabling him to get out of an astonishing variety of tight situations at need.As an adult, Clarke takes on another persona as Janus Stark and becomes an escapologist and private detective.

Later appearance
Janus Stark appears in the six-issue limited series Albion (2005) by Alan Moore, Leah Moore, John Reppion, Shane Oakley, and George Freeman. In this "new" two-page adventure, he is imprisoned, along with at least Spring-heeled Jack and Joseph Merrick (the Elephant Man), by an Inspector Bryant, simply for being thought by the Victorian government to be "dangerous individuals." Stark succeeds in breaking them all out of prison.

In popular culture
The British punk band Janus Stark based its name on this comic strip.On the Series K, episode 5 of QI, Alan Davies sparks a tangent discussion about a superhero he remembers from "Valiant Comics" called Janus, who he describes as an "escapologist who can get through tiny gaps". Davis noted that every week Janus seemed to be in a situation where the solution was for him to get through a tiny gap.

Notes


Olav Georg Folkestad (1 February 1902 – 1 March 1976) was a Norwegian engineer.
He was born in Skien as a son of station manager Ole Folkestad (1875–1951) and Marianne Evensen (1878–1950), and was an older brother of civil servant Anker Folkestad. In 1927 he married Agnes Sofie Aspaas. They resided in Bærum.He finished secondary school in 1920 and graduated in engineering from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1924. He started out as an assistant in the Norwegian State Railways bridge division, then at the Norwegian Institute of Technology from 1926, then in the company Ing. Bonde & Co from 1927. From 1937 he spent the rest of his career as co-owner of Ing. Bonde & Co.Folkestad chaired the Norwegian Geotechnical Institute from 1953 to 1961, Byggtjeneste from 1966 to 1968 (board member since 1957) and Norges Betongtekniske Institutt from 1967 to 1970. He and was a board member of Norges Byggforskningsinstitutt from 1953 to 1961.He was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences, and was decorated as a Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1962. In 1968 he won the "Bygg reis deg" statuette, and in 1969 he was given the Sam Eyde Award by the Norwegian Engineer Association. He died in March 1976 and was buried at Haslum.


Java Municipality (Georgian: ჯავის მუნიციპალიტეტი, Javis municip’alit’et’i) is a municipality of Georgia, in the region of  Shida Kartli.

International status
The entire municipality is located in the partly recognized Republic of South Ossetia (Dzau District of South Ossetia) and has not been under control of Georgian government since 1992.

Transport
Roki Tunnel, a strategic pass linking South Ossetia with Russia, is located in the municipality.

See also
Districts of Georgia (country)Eduardo Barrios was a Chilean writer and poet born in Valparaíso on October 25, 1884 and died in Santiago on September 13, 1963.

Overview
After his father's death, at the age of 5 his family moved to Lima until the age of 15.  After high school he joined the Chilean Military School but quit before graduating as an officer.  He spent much of his young adulthood travelling throughout Latin America doing a colorful array of jobs to earn a living.  By 1915 he was back in Chile working for a variety of newspapers and magazines, including La Mañana, Zig Zag, revista Pacifico and revista Atenea.  From 1925 to 1959 he held various positions in government, museums and the local Press.  He was elected to the Chilean, Argentinian and the Brazilian Academy of Writers.  He obtained the Chilean National Prize for Literature in 1946.

Bibliography
Del natural, cuento, 1907
Mercedes en el tiempo, teatro, 1910
Lo que niega la vida y por el decoro, teatro, 1913
El niño que enloqueció de amor, novela, 1915
Vivir, teatro, 1916
Un Perdido, novela, 1917
Papá y mamá, cuento, 1920
El Hermano Asno, novela, 1922
Páginas de un pobre diablo, cuento, 1923
Y la vida sigue, novela, 1925
Tamarugal, novela 1944
Teatro escogido, 1947
Gran Señor y Rajadiablos, novela, 1948
Los Hombres del Hombre, 1950

References
Further reading
Davison, Ned J. (1971). Eduardo Barrios. Twayne Publishing

External links
[1] escritores.clNorman James Holloway (11 November 1889 – 17 August 1964) was an English cricketer active from 1910 to 1928 who played for Sussex. He was born in Wandsworth Common and died in Walton-on-the-Hill. He appeared in 102 first-class matches as a righthanded batsman who bowled right arm fast. He scored 1,227 runs with a highest score of 55 and took 324 wickets with a best performance of eight for 99.


== Notes ==Lupinus rupestris is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.


Fehim Spaho (13 February 1877 – 14 February 1942) was the Grand Mufti of Yugoslavia and one of the most prominent Bosniak cultural figures of his time. His younger brother was politician Mehmed Spaho.
Spaho worked in varying positions in Sarajevo and Belgrade's local governments between 1901 and 1920. At his own request he was returned to Sarajevo where he was a senior government adviser on faith. He served as the president of the Higher Sharia Court in Sarajevo from 1936 until 1938. He was appointed the Grand Mufti of Yugoslavia in 1938, holding the position until his sudden death four years later.

Grand Mufti
On 20 April 1938 Spaho was among three candidates for the Reis-ul-Ulema, or Grand Mufti, of Yugoslavia. He was appointed on 26 April 1938 and his inauguration ceremony occurred in the Emperor's Mosque on 9 June 1938.

Personal life
Fehim Spaho was born 13 February 1877 in Ottoman-controlled Sarajevo to a coppersmith family. His father, Hasan Spaho was an expert of the Sharia law, and before the Austrian-Hungarian occupation in 1878, he was a judge in Jajce, Sofia, Damascus and Cairo. His mother was Fatima (née Bičakčić). Spaho had two brothers, Mehmed and Mustafa and three sisters, Behija, Aiša and Habiba. Spaho was educated in Sarajevo and attended Sharia Law school.
Fehim Spaho died unexpectedly on 14 February 1942 in war-torn Sarajevo, one day after turning 65.


Evan Cody (born 1995) is an Irish hurler who plays for club side Dicksboro and at inter-county level with the Kilkenny senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a defender.

Career
Cody first played at juvenile and underage levels with the Dicksboro club. As a schoolboy with CBS Kilkenny, he won consecutive Leinster Colleges Championships. At club level he won a Kilkenny SHC title in 2017. Cody first appeared on the inter-county scene as a member of the Kilkenny minor hurling team in 2013 before later joining the under-21 side. He joined the Kilkenny senior hurling team in 2016 for the pre-season Walsh Cup, however, after being released from the panel later that season he won an All-Ireland title with the Kilkenny intermediate team. Cody spent the following few seasons on and off the senior team.

Honours
CBS KilkennyLeinster Colleges Senior Hurling Championship: 2013, 2014DicksboroKilkenny Senior Hurling Championship: 2017KilkennyAll-Ireland Intermediate Hurling Championship: 2016
Leinster Intermediate Hurling Championship: 2016
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship: 2013


Charles Moran Jr. (May 27, 1906 – June 7, 1978) was an American racecar driver and managing partner of Francis I. DuPont, brokerage firm.

Early life
He was born in New York City, son of Charles Moran, a naval historian, and Martha Adams.He attended St. George's School in Newport, Rhode Island, and Princeton University before graduating from Columbia University.

Career
In 1928, driving a Rallye, he finished 4th in the 24-hour race at Baldoux, the Bol d'Or, driving the full 24 hours without relief. For the next year and a half he campaigned this car in Spa, San Sebastian, Madrid, Geisberg. He was the first American to race at Le Mans in 1929, in a DuPont, with co-driver Alfredo Luis Miranda; he raced the same car at Indianapolis in 1930 with George Reed in the mechanics seat.In 1932, he gave up racing, joined DuPont Motors as an engineer, and then moved to a related enterprise, the brokerage firm of Francis I. DuPont, where he became managing partner in the 1950s.   In 1949 he resumed racing, this time in sports cars (Bugatti, MGs, Cunninghams, AC Bristol, Lotus, Ferrari) in SCCA events and again at Le Mans, with his Ferrari 212 (1951, finishing 16th, 1952 DNF) and with his Cunningham C4Rx coupe, co-driver John Gordon Bennett (1953, finishing 10th).He became Secretary of the Sports Car Club of America in 1952-3 and President in 1954-5. He was a member of the Commission Sportive Internationale and the American representative at the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile.
In 1956 the American Automobile Association ended its relationship as the sole motorsport organization affiliated with the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile which governed international racing. As a result, the U.S. no longer had an association with FIA and hence no international racing licenses could be issued, international landspeed records could be certified, or US events be FIA sanctioned' which would put international drivers competing in them at risk of losing their FIA licenses.  Only Indy and Sebring retained their FIA licenses.
Moran took it upon himself to organize the Automobile Competition Committee for the United States (ACCUS) to overcome rivalries between SCCA, USAC and NASCAR clubs and have one umbrella entity to work with the FIA.  He became the first president of ACCUS and managed it skillfully in its early years and led the negotiating with the FIA for US affiliation.  FIA recognized ACCUS in 1957.He chaired the Board of Trustees at St. George's School 1958-62.

Indy 500 results
Personal life
In February 1936, he married Josephine D. Taylor, daughter of David H. Taylor of 875 Park Avenue in New York City. Together, they had two children:
Charles Moran III (b. 1936), who served in the O.S.S.in England and France in 1944-5.
David Taylor Moran (b. 1940).He later married Hesteranne Primrose Butz; they had 3 children:
Martha Adams Moran (b. 1962)
Amedee Depau Moran (b. 1963)
Helen Moran. Charles Moran Jr.Moran died on June 7, 1978 in Teasdale, Utah.


Collagen type IV alpha-3-binding protein, also known as ceramide transfer protein (CERT) or StAR-related lipid transfer protein 11 (STARD11) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the COL4A3BP gene.  The protein contains a pleckstrin homology domain at its amino terminus and a START domain towards the end of the molecule.  It is a member of the StarD2 subfamily of START domain proteins.

Function and structure
Ceramide transferase protein (or CERT) is responsible for the transfer of ceramide from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to the Golgi apparatus. Ceramide plays a very important role in the metabolism and biosynthesis of sphingolipid. More specifically, it is synthesized at the ER, then is transferred by CERT to Golgi where it is converted to sphingomyelin (SM).There are two pathways through which this transfer takes place: a major pathway, which is ATP and cytosol-dependent and a minor pathway, which is ATP- and cytosol-independent.CERT is a 68kDa protein that consists of three different parts, each of which with a special role:

Pleckstrin homology domain (PH): It is the aminoterminal domain and it consists of about 100 aminoacid residues.  The main function of this part of CERT is to recognize and bind various phosphatidyloinositol phosphates (PIPs) with different level of specificity.  The isomers of PIPs are distributed to various organelles: PI-4,5-diphosphate goes to the plasma membrane, PI-3-monophosphate to endosomes and PI-4-monophosphate to Golgi. PH domain of wild-type CERT has been found to recognize specifically PI4P and therefore CERT targets the Golgi apparatus or the  trans-Golgi network.
START domain: It consists of about 210 amino acid residues and has an important role in the transfer of ceramide, which is that it can recognize specifically only the natural D-erythro isomer of ceramide and extract it from the membrane.
FFAT motif (two phenylalanines in an acidic tract, that has a conserved sequence "EFFDAxE"): It is a short domain situated between PH and START domain and is the one responsible for the interaction of CERT with ER. More specifically, it binds to the ER resident type II membrane protein, vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP) associated protein (VAP), an interaction that is necessary for the transfer of ceramide from the ER to Golgi.All of these domains are important for the transfer of ceramide, since first of all CERT will extract newly synthesized ceramide from the membrane with the help of its START domain. Then, ceramide will be transferred through the cytosol towards Golgi because of the interaction between the PH domain and PI4P. Finally, interaction with ER is facilitated through the binding of the FFAT motif with vesicle-associated membrane protein.

Regulation
The transport of ceramide by CERT requires ATP.  CERT – when expressed in mammalian cells – has been found to receive a lot of possible phosphorylations at the serine repeat (SR) motif, which is close to the PH domain.It has been shown that the phosphorylation of this SR motif leads to inactivation of the PI4P-binding and ceramide transferring activities of CERT, since it induces an autoinhibitory reaction between the PH and START domains of CERT, transforming it from the active form to the inactive form.Protein kinase D (PKD) has been found to phosphorylate the SR motif of CERT. Also, CERT is further phosphorylated by the casein kinase 1 family leading to hyperphosphorylation of the SR motif.  On the other hand, the integral membrane protein protein phosphatase 2Cε  (PP2Cε), which is located on the endoplasmic reticulum induces dephosphorylation of CERT.  Dephosphorylated CERT is in the active form in order to be functional and transfer ceramide from ER to Golgi.

Inhibitor HPA-12
The chemically synthesized compound N-(30hydroxy-1-hydroxymethyl-3-phenylpropyl)dodecamide (HPA-12) has been found to be an inhibitor of CERT-mediated ceramide trafficking.
More specifically, this drug inhibits the ATP-dependent transport of ceramide from ER to Golgi (and therefore the conversion of ceramide to sphingomyelin), but it does not inhibit protein trafficking. This suggests that Ceramide is still transformed to Glycosylceramide at Golgi. Moreover, it has been shown that it does not inhibit the Sphingomyelin synthase in vitro or in vivo.
Moreover, only the (1R, 3R) isomer of HPA-12 has been found to be an active inhibitor and the length of the chain as well as the two hydroxyl-groups are very important for the inhibitory activity.

Clinical significance
This gene encodes a kinase also known as Goodpasture antigen-binding protein that specifically phosphorylates the N-terminal region of the non-collagenous domain of the alpha 3 chain of type IV collagen, known as the Goodpasture antigen. Goodpasture's syndrome is the result of an autoimmune response directed at this antigen. One isoform of this protein is also involved in ceramide intracellular transport. Two transcripts exist for this gene.

Model organisms
Model organisms have been used in the study of COL4A3BP function. A conditional knockout mouse line called Col4a3bptm1a(KOMP)Wtsi was generated at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute. Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion. Additional screens performed: In-depth immunological phenotyping – in-depth bone and cartilage phenotyping

References
Further reading
External links
COL4A3BP human gene location in the UCSC Genome Browser.
COL4A3BP human gene details in the UCSC Genome Browser.Dinting Viaduct (also known as Dinting Arches) is a 19th-century railway viaduct in Glossopdale in Derbyshire, England, that carries the Glossop Line over a valley at the village of Dinting. It crosses the Glossop Brook and the A57 road between Manchester and Sheffield. 
First opened in 1844 as part of the original Woodhead Line by the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway (later the MSLR and GCR), the viaduct has been modified a number of times, most notably by the addition of seven brick strengthening piers in 1918–20. The viaduct comprises three sections: starting from the south end, there is a series of seven stone arches, each  50 feet (15 m) wide. The central section consists of five openings (later divided by strengthening piers). A further four stone arches take the railway to the northerly junction with the branch to Hadfield and into Dinting station. It is of similar design to the shorter Broadbottom Viaduct about 1.5 mi (2.4 km) west down the same line, which crosses the River Etherow at Broadbottom.

Design
Dinting is much the larger of two similar viaducts on the line (the other being the Broadbottom Viaduct), both of which are significant for their height. It has four main spans, each of four ribs, flanked by eleven brick-built, semi-circular approach arches, each with a fifty-foot (fifteen-metre) span—four at one end and seven at the other. Seven intermediate supporting piers were added in 1919, constructed of blue brick and irregularly spaced to avoid the road and river beneath, thus resulting in the loss of the viaduct's symmetry. This alteration was criticised by the architectural writer Nikolaus Pevsner.

History
The modern-day Glossop branch line originally opened as the Woodhead Line in December 1845, which linked Sheffield to Manchester. It was closed in 1981 leaving only the Manchester to Glossop/Hadfield section still in operation. The viaduct over the River Etherow at Broadbottom had been completed in December 1842, extending train services to Broadbottom, with the contract for the Dinting viaduct being let in June that year. In August 1844 the bridge was opened allowing trains to reach Hadfield and Glossop from Manchester. The original construction of the two bridges used laminated timber arches.By 1856, the level of rail traffic and the weight of the trains had increased so much that the existing timber viaducts were considered inadequate, and in 1859 wrought-iron girders were installed to replace the timber arches. By early the following year, this work had been completed on both bridges. Over the next 60 years, the level of traffic increased yet further, partly due to the heightened use of coal trains, so that the 1859 works became insufficient to deal with the weight. Seven brick strengthening piers were inserted during the years 1918–20, and again at Broadbottom, leaving the irregular pattern of piers seen today.Major work was carried out in the 1950s in preparation for the electrification of the line. The first electric train travelled over in 1954.In 2012–13, an extensive refurbishment was undertaken by Network Rail, the viaduct's maintainer, including strengthening the girders, installing new bearings and repairs to the steel, brickwork and masonry. It was also repainted olive green. The scheme cost £6.4 million.

Deaths of 1855
On the night of 18 September 1855, a passenger train was halted on the viaduct to a let a returning wakes week excursion train clear Dinting station just ahead. The night was "exceedingly dark", causing some of the passengers to mistakenly think they had arrived at the station platform. From one carriage, three people left the train, stepping onto the low parapet of the viaduct, and fell to their deaths; another was pulled back from the door as passengers realised they were on the viaduct. After a few minutes, the viaduct night watchman found the three of them lying side by side on the grass in the valley. Two had been instantly killed, and the third died within an hour.The following day, an inquest was opened at the Plough Inn, Dinting, where the deceased were confirmed to be Jane Hadfield, John Healey and Thomas Priestnall. It returned a verdict of accidental death and recommended the railway company put up a fence on the parapet of the viaduct to prevent similar accidents, and to move the signal closer to Manchester so that passenger trains cannot stop on the viaduct.

Gallery
See also
List of railway bridges and viaducts in the United Kingdom


Vittuone (Lombard: Vittuòn [ʋityˈɔn]) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 8,361 and an area of 6.0 square kilometres (2.3 sq mi).Vittuone borders the following municipalities: Arluno, Sedriano, Corbetta, and Cisliano.

Demographic evolution
References
External links
www.comune.vittuone.mi.it/"Lost Hearts" is a ghost story by British writer M. R. James, originally published in 1895. It was later collected in his 1904 book Ghost Stories of an Antiquary.

Plot summary
The tale tells the story of Stephen Elliott, a young orphan boy, who is sent to stay with his much older cousin, Mr Abney, at a remote country mansion, Aswarby Hall, in Lincolnshire. His cousin is a reclusive alchemist obsessed with making himself immortal. Stephen is repeatedly troubled by visions of a young gypsy girl and a travelling Italian boy with their hearts missing.

Adaptations
The story was first adapted for television by ABC and broadcast by ITV on 5 March 1966 as an episode of the Mystery and Imagination series.  However, no archive recordings of this episode are known to exist.
"Lost Hearts" was adapted by Robin Chapman in 1973 as part of the BBC's A Ghost Story for Christmas strand, directed by Lawrence Gordon Clark. The shortest of the adaptations, it was first broadcast on Christmas Day 1973 at 11:35 pm. It starred Simon Gipps-Kent as Stephen and Joseph O'Conor as the much older cousin. The adaptation is noted for the distinctive hurdy-gurdy music that accompanies appearances of the two ghostly children. Ralph Vaughan Williams' English Folk Song Suite is also featured.
In 2018, a third film adaptation of the short story was released by Severn Film Productions in association with Action Image Productions, co-written by Lynn Davies and directed by Max Van De Banks. The production features Nicholas Amer as Mr Abney, Louis Newton as Stephen Elliott, Margaret Baldwin as Mrs Bunch, Mark Llewellin as Mr Parks and Eleanor Catherine Smart as Emily. The film was shot on location at Eastnor Castle and Hellens Manor in Herefordshire and the Gloucestershire Warwickshire Steam Railway. The story is updated to the 1940s (and later 1953) when, following the death of Stephen's parents, the young boy has been evacuated to the countryside during World War II. This production is unusual in that the film was shot in two parts, with the main elements being filmed in 2005 and the beginning and end of the film in 2016, with Louis Newton returning as Stephen, now a young man recounting to his bride-to-be the story of what happened ten years earlier. The film was entered in The Bristol International Film Festival and received a nomination at the Moving Pictures Festival in Nieuwmoer, Belgium in 2018.

References
External links
 The full text of Lost Hearts at Wikisource
An omnibus collectino of James's short fiction at Standard Ebooks
 Lost Hearts public domain audiobook at LibriVox
Lost Hearts at IMDb (1973)
Lost Hearts at IMDb (2018)
Ghost Stories at the BFI's ScreenonlineA Butterfly plan, also known as a Double Suntrap plan, is a type of architectural plan in which two or more wings of a house are constructed at an angle to the core, usually at approximately 45 degrees to the wall of the core building. It was used primarily in late Victorian architecture and during the early Arts and Crafts movement.

History
Westwood House, Worcestershire, was a 17-century precursor. After the original, rectangular house was begun c. 1612, four diagonal wings were added at some time later in the same century.Victorian interest in the plan originated in the 1891 remodelling of Chesters, Northumberland, by Norman Shaw. To the original, square house of 1771 he added five wings; three of these were diagonal, creating suntrap flanks for the south and west fronts.The principle of the butterfly plan was also re-adapted within an overall rectangular overall form, as for instance in Kallio Library in Helsinki, Finland, by architect Karl Hård af Segerstad, completed in 1902.

Notable Arts and Crafts examples:

The Barn, Exmouth, Devon, by Edward Schroeder Prior (1897)
Happisburgh Manor,  Happisburgh, Norfolk, by Detmar Blow to a concept by Ernest Gimson (1900)
Papillon Hall, Lubenham, Leicestershire,. David Papillon  (1581-1659) a French Huguenot and Military architect built it in 1620.  In about 1903 it was redesigned by Edwin Lutyens and demolished in 1950 
Home Place, Kelling, Norfolk, by Edward Schroeder Prior (1903–4)
Kelling Hall, Kelling, Norfolk, by Edward Maufe (1913)
Yaffle Hill, Broadstone, Dorset, by Edward Maufe (1930)

Gallery

		
		
		
		


One More Once is a 1994 album by the Latin jazz pianist Michel Camilo.

Track listing
"One More Once" (Michel Camilo)-4:50
"Why Not!" (Michel Camilo)-6:42
"The Resolution" (Michel Camilo)-3:30
"Suite Sandrine, Pt. 3" (Michel Camilo)-9:14
"Dreamlight" (Michel Camilo)-8:47
"Just Kidding'" (Michel Camilo)-5:17
"Caribe" (Michel Camilo)-7:04
"Suntan" (Michel Camilo)-5:57
"On the Other Hand" (Michel Camilo)-5:49
"Not Yet" (Michel Camilo)-6:08

Personnel
Michel Camilo – Piano
Chris Hunter – Alto Saxophone
Paquito D'Rivera - Alto Saxophone
Ralph Bowen – Tenor Saxophone
Craig Handy – Tenor Saxophone
Gary Smulyan – Baritone Saxophone
Jon Faddis – Trumpet
Michael Mossman – Trumpet
Stanton Davis, Jr. – Trumpet
Brian Lynch – Trumpet
Ryan Kisor – Trumpet
Dave Bargeron – Trombone
Conrad Herwig – Trombone
Ed Neumeister – Trombone
Douglas Purviance – Trombone
David Taylor – Trombone
Chuck Loeb – Electric Guitar
Giovanni Hidalgo – Percussion, Bongos, Conga, Timbales
Guarionex Aquino – Percussion, Bongos, Tambourine, Chekere, Guiro
Cliff Almond – Drums
Marvin "Smitty" Smith – Drums
Anthony Jackson – Bass Guitar

External links
Michel Camilo Discography


Tomohiro Kaku (郭智博, Kaku Tomohiro, born September 5, 1984) is a Japanese actor.

Filmography
TV
Higurashi When They Cry (BS SkyPerfect TV, 2016) – Kyōsuke Irie
Crow's Blood (Hulu, 2016)
ROOKIES (TBS, 2008, ep 8 - 9)
Hana Yori Dango (TBS, 2005)
Medaka (Fuji TV, 2004, ep 3)
Stand Up!! (TBS, 2003)
Toshiie and Matsu (NHK, 2002)
Handoku (TBS, 2001)
Seija no Koushin (TBS, 1998)

Films
Ju-on: The Curse 2 (2000)
All About Lily Chou-Chou (2001)
Fifteen (2001)
Hana and Alice (2004) – Masashi Miyamoto 
School Days (2005)
Rainbow Song (2006)
Yoru no Picnic / Night Time Picnic (2006)
Kyōfu (2010)
Household X (2011) – Hiroaki
The Case of Hana & Alice (2014 anime) – Asanaga-sensei
Gantz: O (2016 CG anime film) – Jōichirō Nishi
Mesuneko-tachi / Female Cats (2017) - Takada
For Him to Live (2019)

References
External links
Tomohiro Kaku  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Tomohiro Kaku at IMDbThe economy of ancient Greece was defined largely by the region's dependence on imported goods. As a result of the poor quality of Greece's soil, agricultural trade was of particular importance. The impact of limited crop production was somewhat offset by Greece's paramount location, as its position in the Mediterranean gave its provinces control over some of Egypt's most crucial seaports and trade routes. Beginning in the 6th century BC, trade craftsmanship and commerce, principally maritime, became pivotal aspects of Greek economic output.

Agriculture
Greek soil has been likened to "stinginess" or "tightness" (Ancient Greek: stenokhôría, στενοχωρία) which helps explain Greek colonialism and the importance of the cleruchies of Asia Minor in controlling the supply of wheat. The olive tree and grapevine, as well as orchards, were complemented by the cultivation of herbs, vegetables, and oil-producing plants. Husbandry was badly developed due to a lack of available land. Sheep and goats were the most common types of livestock, while bees were kept to produce honey, the only source of sugar known to the ancient Greeks.
Up to 80% of the Greek population were employed in the agricultural industry. Agricultural work followed the rhythm of the seasons: harvesting olives and trimming grapevines at the beginning of autumn and the end of winter; setting aside fallow land in the spring; harvesting cereals in the summer; cutting wood, sowing seeds, and harvesting grapes in autumn.
In the ancient era, most lands were held by the aristocracy. During the 7th century BC, demographic expansion and the distribution of successions created tensions between these landowners and the peasants. In Athens, this was changed by Solon's reforms, which eliminated debt bondage and protected the peasantry. Nonetheless, a Greek aristocrat's domains remained small compared with the Roman latifundia.

Crafts
Much of the craftsmanship of ancient Greece was part southern west of the domestic sphere. However, the situation gradually changed between the 8th and 4th centuries BC, with the increased commercialization of the Greek economy. Thus, weaving and baking, activities so important to the Western late medieval economy, were done only by women before the 6th century BC. After the growth of commerce, slaves started to be used widely in workshops. Only fine dyed tissues, like those made with Tyrian purple, were created in workshops. On the other hand, working with metal, leather, wood, or clay was a specialized activity that was looked down upon by most Greeks.
The basic workshop was often family-operated. Lysias's shield manufacture employed 350 slaves; Demosthenes' father, a maker of swords, used 32. After the death of Pericles in 429 BC, a new class emerged: that of the wealthy owners and managers of workshops. Examples include Cleon and Anytus, noted tannery owners, and Kleophon, whose factory produced lyres.
Non-slave workers were paid by assignment since the workshops could not guarantee regular work. In Athens, those who worked on state projects were paid one drachma per day, no matter what craft they practised. The workday generally began at sunrise and ended in the afternoon.

Pottery
The potter's work consisted of selecting the clay, fashioning the vase, drying and painting and baking it, and then applying varnish. Part of the production went to domestic usage (dishes, containers, oil lamps) or for commercial purposes, and the rest served religious or artistic functions. Techniques for working with clay have been known since the Bronze Age; the potter's wheel is a very ancient invention. The ancient Greeks did not add any innovations to these processes.
The creation of artistically decorated vases in Greece had strong foreign influences. For instance, the famed black-figure style of Corinthian potters was most likely derived from the Syrian style of metalworking. The heights to which the Greeks brought the art of ceramics is, therefore, due entirely to their artistic sensibilities and not to technical ingenuity.
Pottery in ancient Greece was most often the work of slaves. Many of the potters of Athens assembled between the agora and the Dipylon, in the Kerameikon. They most often operated as small workshops, consisting of a master, several paid artisans, and slaves.

Trade
Greece's main exports were olive oil, wine, pottery, and metalwork. Imports included grains and pork from Sicily, Arabia, Egypt, Ancient Carthage, and the Bosporan Kingdom.

Maritime commerce
The main participants in Greek commerce were the class of traders known as emporoi (ἕμποροι). The state collected a duty on their cargo. At Piraeus (the main port of Athens), this tax was set initially at 1% or higher. By the end of the 5th century, the tax had been raised to 33 talents (Andocides, I, 133-134). In 413, Athens ended the collection of tribute from the Delian League and imposed a 5% duty on all the ports of her empire (Thucydides, VII, 28, 4) in the hope of increasing revenues. These duties were never protectionist, but were merely intended to raise money for the public treasury.
The growth of trade in Greece led to the development of financial techniques. Most merchants, lacking sufficient cash assets, resorted to borrowing to finance all or part of their expeditions. A typical loan for a large venture in 4th century BC Athens, was generally a large sum of cash (usually less than 2,000 drachmas), lent for a short time (the length of the voyage, a matter of several weeks or months), at a high rate of interest (often 12% but reaching levels as high as 100%). The terms of the contract were always laid out in writing, differing from loans between friends (eranoi). The lender bore all the risks of the journey, in exchange for which the borrower committed his cargo and his entire fleet, which were precautionarily seized upon their arrival at the port of Piraeus.
Trade in ancient Greece was free: the state controlled only the supply of grain. In Athens, following the first meeting of the new Prytaneis, trade regulations were reviewed, with a specialized committee overseeing the trade in wheat, flour, and bread.
One of the main drivers of trade in Ancient Greece was colonization. As larger city states set up colonies, there would be trade between the founding city and its colony. Furthermore, differing climates between cities and their respective colonies created comparative advantages in goods. For example, colonies in Sicily would often have better weather and be able to export grain to more populous cities. Larger city states often exported more value added goods, such as olive oil, back out to colonies.The number of shipwrecks found in the Mediterranean Sea provides valuable evidence of the development of trade in the ancient world. Only two shipwrecks were found that dated from the 8th century BC. However, archaeologists have found forty-six shipwrecks dated from the 4th century BC, which would appear to indicate that there occurred a very large increase in the volume of trade between these centuries. Considering that the average ship tonnage also increased in the same period, the total volume of trade increased probably by a factor of 30.

Retail
While peasants and artisans often sold their wares, there were also retail merchants known as kápêloi (κάπηλοι). Grouped into guilds, they sold fish, olive oil, and vegetables. Women sold perfume or ribbons. Merchants were required to pay a fee for their space in the marketplace. They were viewed poorly by the general population, and Aristotle labelled their activities as: "a kind of exchange which is justly censured, for it is unnatural, and a mode by which men gain from one another."Parallel to the "professional" merchants were those who sold the surplus of their household products such as vegetables, olive oil, or bread. This was the case for many of the small-scale farmers of Attica. Among townsfolk, this task often fell to the women. For instance, Euripides' mother sold chervil from her garden (cf. Aristophanes, The Acharnians, v. 477-478).

Taxation
Direct taxation was not well-developed in ancient Greece. The eisphorá (εἰσφορά) was a tax on the wealth of the very rich, but it was levied only when needed — usually in times of war. Large fortunes were also subject to liturgies which was the support of public works. Liturgies could consist of, for instance, the maintenance of a trireme, a chorus during a theatre festival, or a gymnasium. In some cases, the prestige of the undertaking could attract volunteers (analogous in modern terminology to endowment, sponsorship, or donation). Such was the case for the choragus, who organized and financed choruses for a drama festival. In other instances, like the burden of outfitting and commanding a trireme, the liturgy functioned more like a mandatory donation (what we would today call a one-time tax). In some cities, like Miletus and Teos, heavy taxation was imposed on citizens.
The eisphora was a progressive tax, as it was applied to only the wealthiest.  The citizens had the ability to reject the taxation, if they believed there was someone else who was wealthier not being taxed.  The wealthier would have to pay the liturgy.On the other hand, indirect taxes were quite important. Taxes were levied on houses, slaves, herds and flocks, wines, and hay, among other things. The right to collect many of these taxes was often transferred to publicans, or telônai (τελῶναι). However, this was not true of all cities. Thasos' gold mines and Athens' taxes on business allowed them to eliminate these indirect taxes. Dependent groups such as the Penestae of Thessaly and the Helots of Sparta were taxed by the city-states to which they were subject.

Currency
Coinage probably began in Lydia around the cities of Asia Minor under its control. Early electrum coins have been found at the Temple of Diana at Ephesus. The technique of minting coins arrived in mainland Greece around 550 BC, beginning with coastal trading cities like Aegina and Athens. Their use spread and the city-states quickly secured a monopoly on their creation. The very first coins were made from electrum (an alloy of gold and silver), followed by pure silver, the most commonly found valuable metal in the region. The mines of the Pangaeon hills allowed the cities of Thrace and Macedon to mint a large number of coins. Laurium's silver mines provided the raw materials for the "Athenian owls", the most famous coins of the ancient Greek world. Less-valuable bronze coins appeared at the end of the 5th century.
Coins played several roles in the Greek world. They provided a medium of exchange, mostly used by city-states to hire mercenaries and compensate citizens. They were also a source of revenue as foreigners had to change their money into the local currency at an exchange rate favourable to the State. They served as a mobile form of metal resources, which explains discoveries of Athenian coins with high levels of silver at great distances from their home city. Finally, the minting of coins lent an air of undeniable prestige to any Greek city or city-state.

Shopping
The shopping centres in Ancient Greece were called agoras. The literal meaning of the word is "gathering place" or "assembly". The agora was the centre of the athletic, artistic, spiritual and political life of the city. The Ancient Agora of Athens was the best-known example. Early in Greek history (18th century–8th century BC), free-born citizens would gather in the agora for military duty or to hear statements of the ruling king or council. Every city had its agora where merchants could sell their products. There was linen from Egypt, Ivory from Africa, Spices from Syria, and more. Prices were rarely fixed, so bargaining was a common practice.

See also
Slavery in Ancient Greece
Roman economy
Economy of Greece

Notes
Sources
Bresson, Alain. The Making of the Ancient Greek Economy: Institutions, Markets, and Growth In the City-States. Expanded and updated English edition. Translated by Steven Rendall. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2015.
Donlan, Walter. "The Homeric economy." In A new companion to Homer, edited by Ian Morris and Barry B. Powell, 649-67. New York: E.J. Brill, 1997.
Finley, Moses I. The ancient economy. 2d ed. Sather Classical Lectures 48. Berkeley: Univ. of California Press, 1985.
Foraboschi, Daniele. "The Hellenistic economy: indirect intervention by the state." In Production and Public Powers In Classical Antiquity, edited by Elio Lo Cascio and Dominic Rathbone, 37-43. Cambridge: Cambridge Philological Society, 2000.
Adam Izdebski, Tymon Sloczyński, Anton Bonnier, Grzegorz Koloch, and Katerina Kouli. 2020. "Landscape Change and Trade in Ancient Greece: Evidence from Pollen Data." The Economic Journal.
Meikle, Scott. Aristotle’s economic thought. Oxford: Clarendon, 1995.
Migeotte, Léopold. The economy of the Greek cities: From the Archaic period to the early Roman Empire. Berkeley: Univ. of California Press, 2009.
Morris, Ian. "The Athenian economy twenty years after The ancient economy." Classical Philology 89, no. 4 (1994): 351–66.
Pomeroy, Sarah B. Xenophon’s Oeconomicus: A social and historical commentary. Oxford: Clarendon, 1994.
Scheidel, Walter, Ian Morris, and Richard Saller, eds. The Cambridge economic history of the Greco-Roman world. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge Univ. Press, 2007.
Scheidel, Walter, and Sitta von Reden. The Ancient Economy. Hoboken: Taylor and Francis, 2012.

Bibliography
Scheidel, Walter, Ian Morris, and Richard P. Saller, eds. The Cambridge Economic History of the Greco-Roman World (2008) 958pp
"Sideris, Athanasios, Principles and Practice in Classical World's Economy". Masaryk University. 2015. Retrieved 2015-01-20. (45 pp., a concise overview for students)

External links
Economic Thought in Ancient Greece, Mises Institute
Wage and Price Controls in the Ancient World, Mises InstituteSalvia darcyi is a herbaceous perennial shrub native to a very small area at 9000 ft elevation in the eastern range of the Mexican Sierra Madre Oriental. Discovered in the wild in 1991, it has since been sold in horticulture under several names. Botanist James Compton named the plant after fellow British botanist John d'Arcy after a trip they made to the region in 1991.
Salvia darcyi reaches 3 feet in height, with stoloniferous roots that spread over time and deltoid pastel green leaves that are very sticky. The bright coral red flowers are 1.5 inches long on inflorescences that reach up to 2 feet.


== Notes ==Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 1986 season was the club's 56th year of existence, the 33rd year in professional football and the 26th in the top level of professional football in Ecuador.

Kits
Sponsor(s): Mutualista Pichincha

Competitions
Serie A
First Stage
Results
Second Stage
Results
Third Stage
Results
References
RSSSF - 1986 Serie A (in English)

External links
Official Site (in Spanish)
LDU Quito (2) - Filanbanco (4)The Carnegie Library is a historic building still in use as the Hoquiam Timberland Library in Hoquiam, Washington.

Description
One of forty–three Carnegie libraries built in Washington, it is located at 621 K Street in Hoquiam. The Claude and Starck design is a rare example of Prairie School architecture in the region. The two story building is about 40 by 75 feet (12 by 23 m) with a concrete foundation. The main facade faces southwest fronting K Street. A small central wing extends from the back. A detailed plaster frieze is below the eaves of the hip roof which extend about 3 feet (0.91 m) all around the building. A buff Tenino sandstone course joins the frieze and brick which makes up the primary wall material. A central stairway on the main facade leads to the second floor where the main public interior space is situated. This space is a large open room divided by bookshelves. Large single pane windows about 6 feet (1.8 m) above the floor are on all sides of the building and the facade also has double hung one over one windows opening from the first floor. The buildings interior space is 12,761 square feet (1,185.5 m2).

History
The Hoquiam Carnegie Library was built in 1911, the architects were Louis W. Claude and Edward F. Starck (Claude and Starck) of Madison, Wisconsin. The grant for building the library was US$20,000 (equivalent to $555,500 in 2020). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building was substantially renovated and restored in 1991, funded by a $1.9 million city bond, a Bishop Foundation grant and bequeathments by local citizens. The project took great care to maintain the architectural and historic integrity of the building. On December 11, 2018 the library re–opened after a preservation and upgrade project. As of 2020 the building is essentially unaltered and remains in use as a public library. The address for the modern library branch is listed as 420 7th Street.

See also
Andrew Carnegie
National Register of Historic Places in Grays Harbor County, Washington
Tenino Stone Company Quarry

References
External links
 Media related to Hoquiam Timberland Library at Wikimedia Commons
Official website
"Washington State Historical Society".Agatha Bacovia (born Agatha Grigorescu; March 8, 1895 – October 12, 1981) was a Romanian poet.

Biography
Born in Mizil, her parents were Șerban Grigorescu and his wife Maria (née Anastasiu). Her mother died shortly after giving birth, and her father when she was an adolescent. At age 21, she met fellow poet George Bacovia, fourteen years her senior, while walking on Bucharest's Calea Victoriei. The couple married twelve years later, in June 1928. Agatha functioned as both secretary and nurse to her sickly husband, supporting him with her teacher's salary.She attended the literature and philosophy faculty of Bucharest University, graduating in 1927. Her first published work appeared in Scena magazine in 1918; her first poetry book was the 1923 Armonii crepusculare. She contributed to Viața nouă, Revista scriitoarelor și scriitorilor români, Orizonturi noi, Ateneu, Steaua and România literară, sometimes signing as Agatha Gr. and Agata Grozea. Her verses were delicately symbolist, of a temperate tonality of her husband's manner.Her books included poetry: Muguri cenușii (1926), Pe culmi de gând (1934), Lumină (1965), Cu tine noapte (1969), Versuri (1970), Efluvii (1977) and Șoaptele iubirii (1979); poems and prose: Terase albe. Colocviu cu poetul (1938); and memoirs: Bacovia. Viața poetului (1962; second edition: Bacovia. Poezie sau destin, 1972), Poezie sau destin. Viața poetei (1971) and Poezie sau destin, III George Bacovia. Ultimii săi ani (1981). She headed a literary circle named after her husband, as well as a memorial museum dedicated to him.


The Apostolic Exarchate of Greece is a Greek Byzantine Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or apostolic exarchate of the Catholic Church in Greece. As there are no metropolitan sees in the Greek Byzantine Church, it is exempt directly to the Holy See and the Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
The cathedra is in the Holy Trinity Cathedral in the episcopal see of Athens, with a titular bishop responsible for the entire Greek Byzantine Catholic community in Greece.

History
It was established on 11 June 1932 as the Apostolic Exarchate of Greece, from territory split off from the then Apostolic Exarchate of Turkey of Europe (meaning European Turkey), now the Apostolic Exarchate of Istanbul. The Greek Byzantine Catholic bishop of European Turkey, George Cavassy, became the new bishop of the Greek Catholic Exarchate of Greece.

Ordinaries
Apostolic Exarchs of GreeceGeorge Calavassy (1932.06.11 – death 1957.11.07), Titular Bishop of Theodoropolis (1920.07.13 – 1957.11.07); previously Apostolic Exarch of Turkey of Europe of the Greeks (European Turkey) (1920.07.13 – 1932.06.11)
Hyakinthos Gad (1958.02.17 – death 1975.01.30), Titular Bishop of Gratianopolis (in Mauretania) (1958.02.17 – 1975.01.30)
Anárghyros Printesis (1975.06.28 – retired 2008.04.23), Titular Bishop of Gratianopolis (1975.06.28 – death 2012.03.18)
Dimitrios Salachas  (2008.04.23 – 2016.02.02), Titular Bishop of Gratianopolis (2012.05.14 – ...), Member of Commission for the Study of the Reform of the Matrimonial Processes in Canon Law (2014.08.27 – 2015); previously Titular Bishop of Carcabia (2008.04.23 – 2012.05.14)
Manuel Nin  (2016.02.02 – ...), Titular Bishop of Carcabia (2016.02.02 – ...)

Source and External links
Website of the Greek Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Greece
GCatholic with incumbent biography linksThe life zone concept was developed by C. Hart Merriam in 1889 as a means of describing areas with similar plant and animal communities. Merriam observed that the changes in these communities with an increase in latitude at a constant elevation are similar to the changes seen with an increase in elevation at a constant latitude.The life zones Merriam identified are most applicable to western North America, being developed on the San Francisco Peaks, Arizona and Cascade Range of the northwestern USA. He tried to develop a system that is applicable across the North American continent, but that system is rarely referred to.
The life zones that Merriam identified, along with characteristic plants, are as follows:

Lower Sonoran (low, hot desert): creosote bush, Joshua tree
Upper Sonoran (desert steppe or chaparral): sagebrush, scrub oak, Colorado pinyon, Utah juniper
Transition (open woodlands): ponderosa pine
Canadian (fir forest): Rocky Mountain Douglas fir, quaking aspen
Hudsonian (spruce forest): Engelmann spruce, Rocky Mountains bristlecone pine
Arctic-Alpine (alpine meadows or tundra): lichen, grassThe Canadian and Hudsonian life zones are commonly combined into a Boreal life zone.
This system has been criticized as being too imprecise. For example, the scrub oak chaparral in Arizona shares relatively few plant and animal species with the Great Basin sagebrush desert, yet both are classified as Upper Sonoran. However it is still sometimes referred to by biologists (and anthropologists) working in the western United States.  Much more detailed and empirically based classifications of vegetation and life zones now exist for most areas of the world, such as the list of world ecoregions defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature, or the list of North American ecoregions defined by the Commission for Environmental Cooperation.

Holdridge
In 1947, Leslie Holdridge published a life zone classification using indicators of:

mean annual biotemperature (logarithmic)
annual precipitation (logarithmic)
ratio of annual potential evapotranspiration to mean total annual precipitation.Biotemperature refers to all temperatures above freezing, with all temperatures below freezing adjusted to 0 °C, as plants are dormant at these temperatures. Holdridge's system uses biotemperature first, rather than the temperate latitude bias of Merriam's life zones, and does not primarily use elevation. The system is considered more appropriate to the complexities of tropical vegetation than Merriam's system.

See also
Biogeographic realm
Biome
Ecoregion
Köppen climate classification


Johann Ludwig Krapf (11 January 1810 – 26 November 1881) was a German missionary in East Africa, as well as an explorer, linguist, and traveler. Krapf played an important role in exploring East Africa with Johannes Rebmann. They were the first Europeans to see Mount Kenya with the help of Kikuyus who dwelled at its slopes and Kilimanjaro. Krapf also played a key role in exploring the East African coastline especially in Mombasa.

Early life
Krapf was born into a Lutheran family of farmers in southwest Germany. From his school days onward he developed his gift for languages. He initially studied Latin, Greek, French and Italian. More languages were to follow throughout his life. After finishing school he joined the Basel Mission Seminary at age 17 but discontinued his studies as he had doubts about his missionary vocation. He read theology at University of Tübingen and graduated in 1834. While working as an assistant village pastor, he met a Basel missionary who encouraged him to resume his missionary vocation.

Ethiopia
In 1836 he was invited by the Anglican Church Missionary Society (CMS) to join their work in Ethiopia.  Basel Mission seconded him to the Anglicans and from 1837 to 1842 he worked in this ancient Christian land. He prepared himself by learning ancient Ge'ez and the Amharic language of the highlands. Landing at Tadjura, Krapf followed the trade route to Shewa, where he presented himself to its ruler, Meridazmach Sahle Selassie, and later accompanied the Meridazmach on a military campaign in southern Shewa. Krapf's pietist background did not help him much to understand and appreciate traditional Ethiopian Christianity, especially their emphasis on saints, liturgy and use of Ge'ez, a language no longer spoken. When he departed Shewa in 1842, he found his way to Gondar blocked by the aftermath of the Battle of Debre Tabor, retraced his steps to the court of Adara Bille, a chieftain of the Wollo Oromo who then robbed him. Krapf managed to effect his escape with his servants, and made his way to Massawa supported by the reluctant charity of the local inhabitants.Thus he centered his interest on the Oromo people of southern Ethiopia, in his time known as the Galla, who then were largely believers in a traditional religion. He learned their language and started translating parts of the New Testament into it. While 1842 saw Krapf receive a doctorate from University of Tübingen for his research into the Ethiopian languages, it also witnessed the expulsion of all Western missionaries from Ethiopia, which ended his work there. In association with his colleague, Carl Wilhelm Isenberg, he published a memoir of his time in Ethiopia, Journals of Isenberg and Krapf in 1843. He revised Abu Rumi's Bible translations into Amharic for BFBS.

Kenya
Krapf spent some time in Alexandria, Egypt, where he married. From there he set off for East Africa hoping to reach the Oromo from what is now the Kenyan coast. Most of the East African coastline was then part of the Zanzibar sultanate. Sultan Sayyid Said gave him a permit to start a missionary station at the coastal city of Mombasa. Krapf started again by learning the languages of the local Mijikenda people and also Swahili which is an East African lingua franca language of communication.
Soon after arrival in Mombasa his wife and young daughter suffered and died from malaria. Krapf moved to the higher grounds of Rabai on the coastal hills and started his station New Rabai (Rabai Mpya). Here he wrote the first dictionary and grammar of the Swahili language. He also started studying other African languages, drafting dictionaries and translating sections of the Bible. Working with a Muslim judge named Ali bin Modehin, he translated Genesis. He went on to translate the New Testament, as well as the Book of Common Prayer. However, most of this was unpublished, though it was later used in revising a translation in a more southern version of Swahili.In 1846 he was joined by Johannes Rebmann, another southwest German Lutheran who was in the service of the CMS. Krapf and Rebmann set off to explore the interior of East Africa and they were the first Europeans to see the snowcapped mountains of Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya. They sent reports about them to Europe which were ridiculed by the experts.
Krapf's deteriorating health forced him to return to Germany in 1853. He brought with him several old Swahili manuscripts, including copies of the Book of the Battle of Tambuka, the earliest Swahili manuscript. In Korntal he continued his linguistic studies and advisory work for the Christian missions.

Krapf's legacy
The Anglican Church of Kenya counts him as its founding father.
Linguists have been drawing on his works as he studied languages as diverse as Ge'ez, Amharic, Oromo, Swahili, Kamba, Mijikenda and Maasai language.
His house at New Rabai is now part of Rabai Museum, one of the National Museums of Kenya. The building of the German Embassy at Nairobi is called "Ludwig-Krapf-House".
In his home town of Tübingen-Derendingen there is an elementary school that bears his name.

Bibliography (selection)
•	Vocabulary of the Galla Language, London 1842.
•	Vocabulary of six East African languages. Kiswahili, Kinika, Kikamba, Kipokomo, Kihiau, Kigalla, Tübingen 1850.
•	Outline of the elements of the Kisuaheli Language, with special reference to the Kinika Dialect, Tübingen 1850.
•	Reisen in Ostafrika, ausgeführt in den Jahren 1837 - 1855. Unveränderter Nachdruck der Ausgabe Stuttgart, Stroh 1858. Mit einer Einführung hrsg. von Werner Raupp, Münster, Berlin 1994 (= Afrikanische Reisen 2).
•	The Books of the Old Testament. Translation in Amharic Language.,3 Bände, London 1871–73.
•	Dictionary of the Suahili Language, London 1882.

References
Sources and further reading
Eber, Jochen: Johann Ludwig Krapf: ein schwäbischer Pionier in Ostafrika. 2006
Gütl, Clemens. Johann Ludwig Krapf - "Do' Missionar vo' Deradenga" zwischen pietistischem Ideal und afrikanischer Realität (Beiträge zur Missionswissenschaft und interkulturellen Theologie, Bd. 17). Hamburg 2001.
Gütl, Clemens. Johann Ludwig Krapf's "Memoir on the East African Slave Trade" - Ein unveröffentlichtes Dokument aus dem Jahr 1853. With introduction edited by Clemens Gütl (Beiträge zur Afrikanistik, vol. 73), Wien 2002.
Kretzmann, Paul E. (no date, author 1883–1955) John Ludwig Krapf: The Explorer-Missionary of Northeastern Africa. Columbus, Ohio: The Book Concern.
Raupp, Werner: Gelebter Glaube. Metzingen/Württemberg 1993, pp. 278–287: "Johann Ludwig Krapf - Bahnbrecher der ostafrikanischen Mission".
Raupp, Werner: Johann Ludwig Krapf. Missionar, Forschungsreisender und Sprachforscher (1810–1881). In: Lebensbilder aus Baden-Württemberg, vol. 22. Ed. by Gerhard Taddey and Rainer Brüning, Stuttgart 2007, pp. 182–226.
Raupp, Werner: Johann Ludwig Krapf, "dr Missionar vo Deradinga". In: Hin und weg. Tübingen in aller Welt. Ed. by Karlheinz Wiegmann. Tübingen 2007 (Tübinger Kataloge, 77), S. (90) - 99.
Raupp, Werner: Morgenroth des Reiches Gottes. In: Tübinger Blätter 96 (2010), pp. 70–73.

External links and sources
Works by or about Johann Ludwig Krapf at Internet Archive
Karl Knauß (1992). "Krapf, Johann Ludwig".  In Bautz, Traugott (ed.). Biographisch-Bibliographisches Kirchenlexikon (BBKL) (in German). Vol. 4. Herzberg: Bautz. cols. 606–608. ISBN 3-88309-038-7.
Krapf's life and works
Kretzmann, Paul E., John Ludwig Krapf: The Explorer-Missionary of Northeastern Africa at Internet Archive
1882 bio of Krapf
Kraft at the web site of the Evangelische Kirche Württemberg
More pictures of J.L. KrapfNeo-conceptual art describes art practices in the 1980s and particularly 1990s to date that derive from the conceptual art movement of the 1960s and 1970s.  These subsequent initiatives have included the Moscow Conceptualists, United States neo-conceptualists such as Sherrie Levine and the Young British Artists, notably Damien Hirst and Tracey Emin in the United Kingdom, where there is also a Stuckism counter-movement and criticism from the 1970s conceptual art group Art and Language.

History
Many of the concerns of the "conceptual art" movement proper have been taken up by many contemporary artists since the initial wave of conceptual artists. While many of these artists may not term themselves "conceptual artists", ideas such as anti-commodification, social and/or political critique, digital art, and ideas/information as medium continue to be aspects of contemporary art, especially among artists working with computer art, installation art, performance art, net.art and electronic art. Many critics and artists may speak of conceptual aspects of a given artist or art work, reflecting the enduring influence that many of the original conceptual artists have had on the art world.

New York City
The idea of neo-conceptual art (sometimes later termed post-conceptual art) in the United States was clearly articulated by Tricia Collins and Richard Milazzo (working as a team called Collins & Milazzo) in the early 1980s in New York City, when they brought to prominence a whole new generation of artists through their copious writings and curatorial activity. It was their exhibitions and writings that originally fashioned the theoretical context for a new kind of neo (or post) conceptual art; one that argued simultaneously against Neo-Expressionism and Picture-Theory Art. It was through this context that the work of many of the artists associated with Neo-Conceptualism (or what some of the critics reductively called “Simulationism” and “Neo Geo”) was first brought together: artists such as Ross Bleckner, James Welling, Steven Parrino, Richard Prince, Peter Nagy, Joseph Nechvatal, Sarah Charlesworth, Mark Innerst, Allan McCollum, Peter Halley, Jonathan Lasker, Haim Steinbach, Philip Taaffe, Robert Gober and Saint Clair Cemin.

Moscow
The Moscow Conceptualists, in the 1970s and 80s, attempted to subvert socialist ideology using the strategies of conceptual art and appropriation art. The central figures were Ilya Kabakov and Komar and Melamid. The group also included Eric Bulatov and Viktor Pivovarov.

London
The Young British Artists (YBAs), led by Damien Hirst, came to prominence in the 1990s and their work was described at the time as neo-conceptual, even though it relies very heavily on the art object to make its impact. The term is used in relation to them on the basis that the object is not the artwork, or is often a found object, which has not needed artistic skill in its production. Tracey Emin is seen as a leading YBA and a neo-conceptualist, even though she has denied that she is and has emphasised personal emotional expression. Charles Harrison, a member of the conceptual art group Art and Language in the 1970s, criticizes the neo-conceptual art of the 1990s as conceptual art "without threat or awkwardness" and a "vacant" prospect. Other notable artists associated with neo-conceptualism in the UK include Martin Creed, Liam Gillick, Bethan Huws, Simon Patterson, Simon Starling and Douglas Gordon.

Notable events
1991: Charles Saatchi funds Damien Hirst and the next year in the Saatchi Gallery exhibits his The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living, a shark in formaldehyde in a vitrine.
1993: Vanessa Beecroft holds her first performance in Milan, Italy, using models to act as a second audience to the display of her diary of food.
1999: Tracey Emin is nominated for the Turner Prize. Part of her exhibit is My Bed, her dishevelled bed, surrounded by detritus such as condoms, blood-stained knickers, bottles and her bedroom slippers.
2001: Martin Creed wins the Turner Prize for Work No. 227: The lights going on and off, an empty room where the lights go on and off.2005: Simon Starling wins the Turner Prize for Shedboatshed, a wooden shed which he had turned into a boat, floated down the Rhine and turned back into a shed again.

Controversy in the UK
In Britain, the rise to prominence of the Young British Artists (YBAs) after the 1988 Freeze show, curated by Damien Hirst, and subsequent promotion of the group by the Saatchi Gallery during the 1990s, generated a media backlash, where the phrases "conceptual art" and "neo-conceptual" came to be terms of derision applied to much contemporary art. This was amplified  by the Turner Prize whose more extreme nominees (most notably Hirst and Emin) caused a controversy annually.

The Stuckist group of artists, founded in 1999, proclaimed themselves "pro-contemporary figurative painting with ideas and anti-conceptual art, mainly because of its lack of concepts." They also called it pretentious, "unremarkable and boring" and on 25 July 2002 deposited a coffin outside the White Cube gallery, marked "The Death of Conceptual Art". They staged yearly demonstrations outside the Turner Prize.
In 2002, Ivan Massow, the Chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Arts branded conceptual art "pretentious, self-indulgent, craftless tat" and in "danger of disappearing up its own arse ... led by cultural tsars such as the Tate's Sir Nicholas Serota. Massow was consequently forced to resign. At the end of the year, the Culture Minister, Kim Howells (an art school graduate) denounced the Turner Prize as "cold, mechanical, conceptual bullshit".In October 2004 the Saatchi Gallery told the media that "painting continues to be the most relevant and vital way that artists choose to communicate." Following this Charles Saatchi began to sell prominent works from his YBA collection.

See also


== Notes and references ==Mike Zele (born July 3, 1956) is a former American football defensive tackle. He played for the Atlanta Falcons from 1979 to 1983.


The Vrishchika Ekadasi (Sukla paksha) is called as Guruvayur Ekadasi in Guruvayur, Kerala. This falls in the Mandala season. The Navami (9th day) and Dasami (10th day) are also very important. Ekadasi Vilakku starts a month before the Ekadasi day as offering by different persons, families and organisations. After the temple is open on this day for Nirmalya darshan (3 a.m.), it is closed only at 9.00 am on Dwadasi Day (12th day). On Dwadasi day there is a custom of offering a token amount called Dwadasi Panam in KoothambalamOn Guruvayur Ekadasi memorial honour is done for Gajarajan Guruvayoor Kesavan and the Chembai Sangeetholsavam. The Karanavar or head of the elephant family places a wreath at the statue of Kesavan in front of Sreevalsam guest house and all the other elephants stand around and pay obeisance. On Ekadasi day, the Udayasthamana Pooja (dawn to dusk pooja) is conducted by the Devaswom itself . After the morning seeveli, on Ekadasi there is  a grant elephant procession to the Parthasarathi temple since it is regarded as Geethopadesam Day also. On Ekadasi after night pooja the famous Ekadasi Vilakku with elephant procession takes place and provides a finale to the festival.

2021 Guruvayur Ekadasi Date
The Guruvayur Ekadasi falls on 14 December, according to hindu calender.

References
External links
Official site of Guruvayur devaswom
Postal Ekadasi Vilakku Official websiteAstrocaryum chambira, the chambira palm or chambira, is a large and spiny palm native to the Amazon Rainforest in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela that is mostly known for its commercial value as a fiber crop. It can reach over 25 meters in height, and it is not uncommon for climbing trees to be planted nearby to make harvesting the fruit and leaves both easier and safer.Indigenous people use the fibers of young leaves to weave into products such as nets, hammocks, bags, and other fabric and textile products. In most places where this fiber is used, the sale of products woven from these fibers to tourists is a major source of income, though there is great geographic variation in abundance and income received for products made from these fibers. In addition to the fibers, it is believed that the fruit and liquid endosperm within the seeds can help with fever reduction.


The 350th Spectrum Warfare Wing is an active United States Air Force organization.  It was actived in 2021 as a unit located at Eglin AFB, Florida.
Previously, as the 350th Electronic Systems Wing it developed, acquired, fielded, and sustained systems for C2, ISR and communication capabilities for Air Force, joint and coalition operations. It serviced five major commands, three U.S. services, seven combatant commanders, three national agencies, NORAD and NATO. The 350th ELSW executed $14 billion in programs.

History
The 350th ELSW, formerly the Command and Control, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Systems Wing, traces its history back to the early establishment of information superiority in the United States Army Air Forces. The newly defined role of the aircraft for reconnaissance purposes resulted in the birth of multiple observation groups in the USAAF.
The 26th Observation Group, the direct predecessor of the 350 ELSW, was activated 1 September 1941, and assigned to the First Air Force. The group, stationed at Fort Devens, Massachusetts, flew various types of missions, including photographic, reconnaissance, tow target, and coast artillery spotting. This was done in cooperation with units along the Eastern seaboard.
The group was later redesignated the 26th Reconnaissance Group, and took part in the Carolina and Tennessee Maneuvers in the fall of 1941 and 1942 in support of Army field training exercises. In both exercises, observation aircraft were used to detail strategic ground positioning and provide an opportunity to train senior commanders and staff in the operational elements of combat.
With Pearl Harbor deeply entrenched in the minds of military leaders, it was clear there was a greater need for coastal surveillance and anti-submarine patrols. The 26th Reconnaissance Group, stationed out of Reading Army Air Field, Pennsylvania, was given that responsibility for the northeastern North American sector of the Atlantic Ocean.
Various aircraft, including the O-46 and O-52 Owl, flew anti-submarine patrols off the East Coast after the United States entered World War II. Other more notable aircraft that flew reconnaissance missions with modifications to their existing frames included the P-39 and B-25, which was designated as the F-10 after being modified for photographic reconnaissance work.  The group was disbanded at the end of 1943
The 26th Reconnaissance Group was reestablished as an Air Force Reserve organization in 1947 near Buffalo. New York and was inactivated on 27 June 1949, when Continental Air Command implemented the wing base organization (Hobson Plan) for its reserve organizations.  It was redesignated the 350th Tactical Electronics Group in 1985, but remained in inactive status.
The group was redesignated as the 350th Electronics Systems Wing, delivering and sustaining transformational capabilities for operational-level command, control, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance information dominance.
The 350th Electronics Systems Group, formerly the Operational Command and Control Systems Group, acquired and sustained operational-level command and control assets including the Air and Space Operations Center and Theater Battle Management Core Systems.
The 850th Electronic Systems Group, formerly the Combatant Commanders Command and Control Systems Group, acquired, fielded and sustained global sensing, communication and decision-making capabilities, including missile warning and defense sensors, global command and control systems, space control sensors and battle management systems.
The 950th Electronic Systems Group, formerly the Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group developed, acquired, and integrated network-centric intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance information and decision-support systems to fuse data at multiple security levels for Air Force, joint and coalition warfighters. The 950th ELSG was recognized with the AF Outstanding Unit Award for the period of 1 April 2006 to 31 March 2008.

Lineage
350th Tactical Electronic Group

Constituted as 26th Observation Group on 21 August 1941Activated on 1 September 1941
Redesignated 26th Reconnaissance Group on 2 April 1943
Redesignated 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Group on 11 August 1943.
Disbanded on 11 November 1943Reconstituted, redesignated 26th Reconnaissance Group and allotted to the Air Force Reserve, on 27 December 1946Activated on 23 October 1947
Inactivated on 27 June 1949
Redesignated 350th Tactical Electronic Group on 31 July 1985Consolidated with Command and Control, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing on 6 April 2006.350th Electronic Systems Wing

Constituted as Command and Control, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing on 23 November 2004Activated on 17 December 2004Consolidated with 350th Tactical Electronic Group on 6 April 2006Redesignated 350th Electronic Systems Wing on 17 April 2006
Inactivated on 30 June 2010.
Redesignated 350th Spectrum Warfare Wing on June 2021
Activated on 28 June 2021

Assignments
First Air Force, 1 September 1941
Third Air Force, unknown – 11 November 1943
Electronic Systems Center, 17 December 2004 – 30 June 2010
United States Air Force Warfare Center, 28 June 2021 – present

Components
Groups

Operational Command and Control Systems Group (later 350th Electronic Systems Group), 17 December 2004 – 30 June 2010
Combatant Commanders Command and Control Systems Group (later 850th Electronic Systems Group), 17 December 2004 – 30 June 2010
Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group (later 950th Electronic Systems Group), 17 December 2004 – 30 June 2010
53d Electronic Warfare Group, 28 June 2021 - presentSquadrons

4th Reconnaissance Squadron: 23 October 1947 – 27 June 1949
10th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron: 1947–1949
14th Reconnaissance Squadron 1942–1943
72d Liaison Squadron 1943
91st Reconnaissance Squadron, 23 August – 19 October 1943
101st Observation Squadron 1 September 1941 – Nov 1943
103d Observation Squadron 18 October 1942 – Nov 1943
152d Observation Squadron 1 September 1941 – Nov 1943

Stations
Ayer Army Airfield, Massachusetts, 1 September 1941
Hillsgrove Army Air Field, Rhode Island, c. 12 September 1941
Naval Air Station Quonset Point, Rhode Island, Jun 1942
Hyannis Army Airfield, Massachusetts, July 1942
Middletown Air Depot, Pennsylvania, Sep 1942
Reading Army Air Field, Pennsylvania,  – 11 November 1943
Bell Modification Center, New York, 23 October 1947
Buffalo Airport, New York, C. 17 February 1948 – 27 June 1949
Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts, 17 December 2004 – 30 June 2010
Eglin AFB, Florida, 28 June 2021 - present

Aircraft
Douglas O-46, 1941–1943
North American O-47, 1941–1943
O-52 Owl, 1941–1943
L-4 Grasshopper, 1941–1943
A-20 Havoc, 1941–1943
B-25 Mitchell, 1941–1943
P-39 Airacobra, 1941–1943

References
External links
Hanscom AFB Website
Hansconian Article about 350 ELSW
U.S. Air Force Fact Sheet 350 ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS WING (AFMC)
Air Force activates first spectrum warfare wing, 29 June 2021.
Air Combat Command Public Affairs (25 June 2021). "Fact Sheets: 350th Spectrum Warfare Wing". United States Air Force. Retrieved 29 June 2021.Pirapetinga is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.
Its estimated population in 2020 was 10,772 inhabitants (IBGE).

Geography
The municipality is located in the Meso-region of Zona da Mata near the border with the State of Rio de Janeiro. It is 379 kilometres (235 mi) by road from the capital of Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte. It has an area of 192 square kilometres (74 sq mi) including the city itself and two districts: Valão Quente and Caiapó.

Topography, climate, hydrology
The city is at an altitude of 160 metres (520 ft), with the highest point being Pedra Bonita at 797 metres (2,615 ft). The climate is tropical with wet summers and an average annual temperature around 23.5 °C (74.3 °F), with variations between 18 °C (64 °F) (mean minimum) and 31 °C (88 °F) (mean maximum).
The district is watered by the River Pirapetinga a tributary of the Paraíba do Sul.

Highways
BR-393

Demographics
Census Data - 2000
Total Population : 10,034
Urban: 8413
Rural: 1621
Men: 5034
Women: 5000
(Source: AMM )
Population density (inhabitants / km2): 51.8
Infant mortality (per thousand): 25.4
Life expectancy (years): 71.1
Fertility rate (children per woman): 2.2
Literacy Rate: 83.8%
Human Development Index (HDI): 0.759
HDI-M Income: 0.681
HDI-M Longevity: 0.768
HDI-M Education: 0.827
(Source: UNDP / 2000)

History
The city began as a village that grew up around the chapel erected in honour of Saint Anne in 1850.  In 1864 the village became a district of Leopoldina with the name of Santana Pirapetinga.
It became independent of the municipality of Além Paraíba in 1938.

See also
List of municipalities in Minas Gerais


William Allen Walsh (20 August 1887 – 18 October 1940) was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was born in Kingston, Ontario and became a school principal, school superintendent and teacher, primarily at the Protestant Strathcona Academy in the Montreal suburb of Outremont.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Mount Royal riding in the 1935 general election. After serving one term, the 18th Canadian Parliament, Walsh entered the March 1940 election under the Conservative-based National Government party banner but was defeated by Fred Whitman of the Liberal party. Walsh died months later, on 18 October 1940.

References
External links

William Allen Walsh – Parliament of Canada biographySteven H. York (born July 1, 1943) is a documentary filmmaker and video game creator who has worked in Europe, Asia, Africa, and North and South America on subjects ranging from religious fundamentalism to American history to nonviolent conflict.

Life and career
Originally from St. Louis, Missouri, York moved to Washington, D.C. in 1972, where he began editing and directing films for Bill Moyers and Charles Guggenheim. Since 1976, York has written, produced and directed films and television programs ranging from network series to prime-time specials, political campaign spots, advocacy and educational films.
His latest production, Orange Revolution, is a feature-length documentary about the stolen election in Ukraine in 2004 and the demonstrations that followed.  It is currently airing on local public broadcast stations.
He has received two George Foster Peabody Awards: One for an ABC News Special, Pearl Harbor: Two Hours That Changed the World, anchored by David Brinkley, and another for his one-hour film about the nonviolent opposition movement which brought an end to the regime of Slobodan Milosevic, Bringing Down A Dictator, narrated by Martin Sheen, which aired on PBS in the spring of 2002.
In 1997 York began development on an in-depth examination of the history of nonviolent conflict. A Force More Powerful debuted as a feature-length documentary in the fall of 1999 and was expanded into a three-hour series for broadcast on national public television in the fall of 2000. York also produced A Force More Powerful: The Game of Nonviolent Conflict, a computer game that incorporates many of the themes of strategic nonviolent conflict explored in his recent films and People Power: The Game of Civil Resistance, which was released in the summer of 2010.
Other notable films and television programs by Steve York include Turning Point at Normandy: The Soldiers' Story (ABC News, with Peter Jennings); the Emmy-nominated Vietnam Memorial (PBS Frontline); Letter from Palestine, a first-person profile of a Palestinian medical team in the West Bank; and two films about the U.S. Supreme Court: a two-part PBS series, 	This Honorable Court, and The Supreme Court of the United States, a 30-minute film which ran continuously in the Court's Visitors' Center for over a decade.
Along with his partner Miriam Zimmerman, York runs his production company, York Zimmerman Inc., from Washington, D.C.

References
http://www.peabodyawards.com/award-profile/pearl-harbor-two-hours-that-changed-the-world
http://www.peabodyawards.com/award-profile/bringing-down-a-dictator

External links
York Zimmerman Inc.
A Force More Powerful Official Site
Orange Revolution Official Site
People Power Game Official SiteNicholas Monck (c. 1610 – 7 December 1661) was a Bishop of Hereford and Provost of Eton College, both royal appointments made by King Charles II following the 1660 Restoration of the Monarchy which was largely effected by his elder brother George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle (1608–1670), KG. Nicholas Monck was "a great assistant in the Restoration to his brother".

Origins
He was born in 1610 at Potheridge in the parish of Merton, Devonshire, the third son of Sir Thomas Monck (1570–1627), Knight, of Potheridge, where his ancestors had been seated for at least 18 generations in an unbroken male line. His mother was Elizabeth Smith, a daughter (by his first marriage) of Sir George Smith (died 1619) of Madworthy, near Exeter, Devon, a merchant who served as a Member of Parliament for Exeter in 1604, was three times Mayor of Exeter and was Exeter's richest citizen, possessing 25 manors. Elizabeth's half-sister by their father's second marriage was Grace Smith, wife of the heroic Civil War Royalist commander Sir Bevil Grenville (1596-1643) of Bideford in Devon and Stowe, Kilkhampton in Cornwall, killed in action at the Battle of Lansdowne (1643) and  mother of John Grenville, 1st Earl of Bath (1628–1701), who greatly assisted his half-first cousin George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle (1608–1670) in effecting the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660.

Career
In 1629 he matriculated at Wadham College, Oxford and  graduated B.A. on 3 March 1630-1, and M.A. on 30 October 1633. Instead of entering the army like his two surviving elder brothers, he took holy orders, as was usual for younger sons of the gentry. From 1640 he served as Rector of Langtree, a parish near Potheridge, and was given the Rectory of Kilkhampton in Cornwall by his half-cousin Sir John Grenville (later 1st Earl of Bath). After 1646 he obtained the small rectory of Plymtree in Devon, having in 1642 married the daughter of the then rector, whose family held the advowson, and this was confirmed to him by General Monck's influence with Cromwell. During the Civil War his sympathies certainly leaned to the royalist side, and in 1653 he was  presented by his kinsman, Sir John Granville (later 1st Earl of Bath), to the valuable living of Kilhampton in Cornwall, worth about £260 a year.After Cromwell's death Grenville sent 'the honest clergyman' up to London, where he received through George Monck's brother-in-law, Thomas Clarges, instructions to go to Scotland and ascertain his brother's intentions. Nicholas therefore sailed for Edinburgh, in August 1659, on the ostensible errand of arranging a marriage for one of his daughters. He found the general engaged with a council of officers, but confided his mission to the general's chaplain, John Price, who was in the confidence of the royalist party. From Price, Monck received every encouragement. The next day the brothers met, and various accounts are given of their interview, but all agree that the general refused to commit himself as to his future conduct.After the Restoration, Nicholas was nominated by King Charles II as Provost of Eton College, on the recommendation of Granville. There was no pretence of election on the part of the Fellows of Eton College, who much incensed by the king's arbitrary proceeding, refused to make an entry of the appointment in the College register. A copy of the royal letter, dated 7 July 1660, nominating Monck is extant in Eton's College Library. Most of the puritan fellows resigned or were ejected, and 'new regulations were drawn up by the new provost and fellows, the former's stipend being fixed at £500 a year, besides 'wood, capons, 20 dozen of candles, and 20 loads of hay.' On 1 August 1660 Nicholas was created Doctor of Divinity at Oxford University, and on 1 December 1660, he was appointed by the king as Bishop of Hereford, a see which had been vacant for fourteen years. He was to hold his provostship in addition for two years. He was consecrated on 6 January 1660-1 in Westminster Abbey by the Archbishop of York, but lived to enjoy his new dignity only for eleven months.

Marriage and children
In 1642 he married Susannah Payne, a daughter of Rev. Thomas Payne, Rector of Plymtree in Devon, and widow of Christopher Trosse. By his wife he had children as follows:

Nicholas Monck, son and heir apparent, who died young;
Mary Monck, co-heiress, who married Arthur Fairwell of Westminster,
Elizabeth Monck, co-heiress, who married Curwen Rawlinson of Carke Hall, Cartmell, Lancashire. Her monument, erected by her son the antiquary Christopher Rawlinson (1677–1733), survives in St. Mary's Church, Cartmell, and describes her father Nicholas Monck as "a great assistant in the Restoration to his brother".

Death and burial
He died on 17 December 1661, aged 51, at his lodgings in Old Palace Yard, Palace of Westminster, and was buried on the 20th in Westminster Abbey, his brother the Duke of Albemarle having attended the funeral as chief mourner. In 1723 his grandson Christopher Rawlinson erected in his memory a pyramidical monument in black and white marble in St. Edmund's Chapel, Westminster Abbey.

References
Sources
Bradley, Emily Tennyson, biography of "Monck, Nicholas", published in Dictionary of National Biography, Vol.38, 1894, London [1]
Knighton, C. S. (September 2004). "Monck, Nicholas (c.1610–1661)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Oxford University Press.Moiwana is a Maroon village in the Marowijne district in the east of Suriname.
The village was the scene of the Moiwana massacre of 1986 on November 29, 1986, during the Suriname Guerrilla War between the Surinamese military regime, headed by Dési Bouterse, and the Jungle Commando led by Ronnie Brunswijk. The army attacked the village, killing at least 35 of the inhabitants, mostly women and children, and burned Brunswijk's house. The survivors fled with thousands of other inland inhabitants over the Marowijne River to neighboring French Guiana.
The human rights organisation Moiwana '86 has committed itself to justice with regard to this event.
Police chief inspector Herman Gooding was murdered in August 1990 while investigating the massacre. Reportedly he was forced out of his car near Fort Zeelandia and shot in the head, with his body left outside Bouterse's office. Other police investigators fled the country, stalling the investigation.
The government has stated that it is still continuing its investigation of the massacre, but that prospective witnesses either had moved or died, or were uncooperative. It has also said that an investigation of the murder of Herman Gooding was continuing.
In August 2005, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights ordered Suriname to pay US$3 million in compensation to 130 survivors of the massacre, and to establish a US$1.2 million fund for the development of Moiwana.

Notable people
Ronnie Brunswijk (1961), Vice President of Suriname, ex-rebel leader and business man.

References
External links
UN Human Rights Committee press release; Eightieth Session 2173rd Meeting (PM)
Amnesty International report on Suriname
Suriname's govt to apologise for 1986 massacre, Radio Jamaica (14 July 2006, archived 2007)
Price, Richard (2010). Rainforest Warriors: Human Rights on Trial. University of Pennsylvania Press. ISBN 978-0-8122-4300-0. (book including information on Moiwana Massacre)Skatole or 3-methylindole is an organic compound belonging to the indole family. It occurs naturally in the feces of mammals and birds and is the primary contributor to fecal odor. In low concentrations, it has a flowery smell and is found in several flowers and essential oils, including those of orange blossoms, jasmine, and Ziziphus mauritiana.
It is used as a fragrance and fixative in many perfumes and as an aroma compound. Its name derives from the Greek root skato-, meaning feces.  Skatole was discovered in 1877 by the German physician Ludwig Brieger (1849–1919).
Original:  "Ich habe mich zuerst mit der Untersuchung der flüchtigen Bestandtheile der Excremente aus sauerer Lösung beschäftigt.  Es wurden dabei die flüchtigen Fettsäuren:  Essigsäure, normale und Isobuttersäure, sowie die aromatischen Substanzen:  Phenol, Indol und eine neue dem Indol verwandte Substanz, die ich Skatol nennen werde, erhalten."
Translation:  "I was occupied initially with the investigation of the volatile components of excrement in acidic solution.  One obtained thereby volatile fatty acids; acetic acid; normal and isobutyric acid; as well as the aromatic substances: phenol, indole and a new substance which is related to indole and which I will name "skatole"."   - Brieger (1878), page 130:

Biosynthesis, chemical synthesis, and reactions
Skatole is derived from the amino acid tryptophan in the digestive tract of mammals.  Tryptophan is converted to indoleacetic acid, which decarboxylates to give the methylindole.Skatole can be synthesized via the Fischer indole synthesis.It gives a violet color upon treatment with potassium ferrocyanide.Skatole, along with fecal odorant indole, can be neutralized by combining it with other scents, by producing perfumes or air fresheners that lack skatole and indole. In a manner similar to noise-cancelling headphones, the scent produced by the resultant concentrations of skatole and indole relative to other substances in the freshener is thus "in-phase" and perceived as pleasant.

Insect attractant
Skatole is one of many compounds that are attractive to males of various species of orchid bees, which apparently gather the chemical to synthesize pheromones; it is commonly used as bait for these bees for study. It is also known for being an attractant for the Tasmanian grass grub beetle (Aphodius tasmaniae).Skatole has been shown to be an attractant to gravid mosquitoes in both field and laboratory conditions.  Because this compound is present in feces, it is found in combined sewage overflows (CSO), as streams and lakes containing CSO water have untreated human and industrial waste.  CSO sites are thus of particular interest when studying mosquito-borne diseases such as West Nile virus.

Animal studies
Skatole occurs naturally in the feces of all species of mammals and birds, and in the bovine rumen.Skatole has been shown to cause pulmonary edema in goats, sheep, rats, and some strains of mice. It appears to selectively target club cells, which are the major site of cytochrome P450 enzymes in the lungs. These enzymes convert skatole to a reactive intermediate, 3-methyleneindolenine, which damages cells by forming protein adducts (see fog fever).With the testicular steroid androstenone, skatole is regarded as a principal determinant of boar taint.Skatole contributes to bad breath.

Application
Skatole is the starting material in the synthesis of atiprosin.

See also
1-Methylindole
2-Methylindole (methylketol)
5-Methylindole
7-Methylindole
Cadaverine


The Jain community celebrated a presence of 100 years in Singapore marking the occasion by rededicating the "Stanak" and consecrating the idol of Mahavira. This brings together the two main sects of Jains - Svetambara and Digambara. The Singapore Jain Religious Society engages in keeping traditions and practices alive by transmitting Jain principles to the next generation. It also has a strong history of community involvement. The community has no temple, but the Singapore Jain Religious Society has a building at 18 Jalan Yasin.
As of 2010, there are 1,500 Jains in Singapore.

History
Jains have settled in Singapore since the beginning of this century just before or after the first world war (1910 – 1914).

Jain unity
According to the Singapore Jain Religious Society's constitution, any Jain whether Svetambara or Digambar, speaking any language could become a member and carry out Jain religious activities, keeping to fundamental principles of Jainism.

Singapore Tamil Jains Forum
Singapore has a huge population of Tamils and thus also has a small community of Tamil Jains. The Tamil Jains in Singapore congregate under the banner of Singapore Tamil Jains Forum. The forum is headed by Dharmanathan Varthamanan.

References
External links
Singapore Jain Religious SocietyThe Sanghar are a partly Hindu and partly Muslim community found in the state of Gujarat in India.

History and origin
According their traditions, the community are a branch of the Manka community which are coming from the  Chavda, Rajputs tribe. According to their tradition, the community was nomadic until they came to an agreement with the rulers of Kutch to settle down. The local word in the Kutchi language for agreement is sangh, and their initial settlement was at Gandhavi, near Porbandar. They are now found mainly in Mandvi taluka of Kutch, where they are found in twelve villages, namely Vandh, Bidada, Pipri, Ratodia, Bhojay, Undot, Khojachora, Asani and Serdi, all along the coast. In addition to these settlements, they are also found in the village of Mota Jakh in Nakhatrana Taluka as well as in Abdasa Taluka. In Pakistan they are mainly found in Ghotki city and its surroundings, in Ghotki city Sardar khan sanghar house and sanghar house 2 ( Prof. Naseer Ahmed sanghar house ) are the major landmarks for this community. Other major vilages are; Khan Goth, Goth Peeral Sanghar, Goth Allah-Warayo sanghar, Goth Jumo sanghar, Goth Jhando sanghar, Goth murad sanghar, Goth salim shah Bukhari, Basti Bari shareef ( Rahim Yar khan, punjab province ) and Rahim yar khan city.

Present circumstances
The Sanghar are divided along religious line, with majority being Vishnuvi Hindu, and a minority are Sunni Muslim in india and in Pakistan majority being Sunni muslim and minority shia muslims.  In Pakistan they are community of mixed farmers, government officers and educators, OGDCL pakistan (Qadir Pur plant) is major source of income for the people live in Ghotki. In India they are a community of farmers, with a minority involved in cattle rearing. Many also serve in the Border Security Force, as their settlements are close to the Pakistan border. In Pakistan the majority of the Sanghar community is settled in Province of Sindh though they are residing in different part of Sindh whereas the majority is settled in Ghotki, Sukkur, Khairpur, Karachi. Mostly in District Karachi (South), (West), (Malir) but majority of population residing in Karachi District (South). Here in Karachi and rest part of Pakistan the community is Muslim and the headquarters of Sanghaar Community is in Ghotki where tribal leader Sardar khan sanghar lives. Sardar Gull Bahar khan house holds the power of the tribe. Some of the sanghar people live in punjab province of Pakistan, Rahim Yar khan and its surroundings have huge population of sanghar caste where people speak sindhi and saraiki both. wheres the branches is situated in Nawabad Branch (Khadda Market) as well as in District Malir and Mochco (Mowach Goth) District West. 
The Sanghaar community is belongs to Kutchi community whereas the lot of communities are the part of Kutch (Gujrat State) India,

Sanghar in Pakistan are following sardar system, current sardar of the tribe is Sardar Khan sanghar the second.

See also
Manka


KPBJ (90.1 FM) was a radio station formerly licensed to Midland, Texas, U.S., serving the Odessa-Midland metropolitan area. The station was owned by Paulino Bernal Evangelism formed by Paulino Bernal.On June 30, 2011, the Federal Communications Commission canceled the station's license and deleted the call sign from its database.

References
External links
KPBJ in the FCC FM station database
KPBJ on Radio-Locator
KPBJ in Nielsen Audio's FM station databaseZadoi County (Tibetan: རྫ་སྟོད་རྫོང་།, Wylie: rdza stod rdzong, ZYPY: Zadoi Zong; simplified Chinese: 杂多县; traditional Chinese: 雜多縣; pinyin: Záduō Xiàn;  also Dzatö or Dzatoe) is a county in the southwest of Qinghai Province, China, bordering the Tibet Autonomous Region to the south. It is under the administration of Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. The county seat is in the Town of Qapugtang (Chinese: 萨呼腾; pinyin: Sàhūténg).

Administrative divisions
Zadoi County (Zaduo County) is divided to 1 towns and 7 townships.
TownsSahuteng (萨呼腾镇)Townships

References
External links
Official website of the County governmentB, or b, is the second letter of the Latin-script alphabet. Its name in English is bee (pronounced ), plural bees. It represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages, including English. In some other languages, it is used to represent other bilabial consonants.

History
Old English was originally written in runes, whose equivalent letter was beorc ⟨ᛒ⟩, meaning "birch". Beorc dates to at least the 2nd-century Elder Futhark, which is now thought to have derived from the Old Italic alphabets' ⟨ 𐌁 ⟩ either directly or via Latin ⟨⟩.
The uncial ⟨⟩ and half-uncial ⟨⟩ introduced by the Gregorian and Irish missions gradually developed into the Insular scripts' ⟨⟩. These Old English Latin alphabets supplanted the earlier runes, whose use was fully banned under King Canute in the early 11th century. The Norman Conquest popularised the Carolingian half-uncial forms which latter developed into blackletter ⟨  ⟩. Around 1300, letter case was increasingly distinguished, with upper- and lower-case B taking separate meanings. Following the advent of printing in the 15th century, Holy Roman Empire (Germany) and Scandinavia continued to use forms of blackletter (particularly Fraktur), while England eventually adopted the humanist and antiqua scripts developed in Renaissance Italy from a combination of Roman inscriptions and Carolingian texts. The present forms of the English cursive B were developed by the 17th century.

The Roman ⟨B⟩ derived from the Greek capital beta ⟨Β⟩ via its Etruscan and Cumaean variants. The Greek letter was an adaptation of the Phoenician letter bēt ⟨𐤁⟩. The Egyptian hieroglyph for the consonant /b/ had been an image of a foot and calf ⟨  ⟩, but bēt (Phoenician for "house") was a modified form of a Proto-Sinaitic glyph ⟨  ⟩ probably adapted from the separate hieroglyph Pr ⟨  ⟩ meaning "house". The Hebrew letter beth ⟨ב⟩ is a separate development of the Phoenician letter.By Byzantine times, the Greek letter ⟨Β⟩ came to be pronounced /v/, so that it is known in modern Greek as víta (still written βήτα). The Cyrillic letter ve ⟨В⟩ represents the same sound, so a modified form known as be ⟨Б⟩ was developed to represent the Slavic languages' /b/. (Modern Greek continues to lack a letter for the voiced bilabial plosive and transliterates such sounds from other languages using the digraph/consonant cluster ⟨μπ⟩, mp.)

Use in writing systems
English
In English, ⟨b⟩ denotes the voiced bilabial stop /b/, as in bib. In English, it is sometimes silent. This occurs particularly in words ending in ⟨mb⟩, such as lamb and bomb, some of which originally had a /b/ sound, while some had the letter ⟨b⟩ added by analogy (see Phonological history of English consonant clusters). The ⟨b⟩ in debt, doubt, subtle, and related words was added in the 16th century as an etymological spelling, intended to make the words more like their Latin originals (debitum, dubito, subtilis).
As /b/ is one of the sounds subject to Grimm's Law, words which have ⟨b⟩ in English and other Germanic languages may find their cognates in other Indo-European languages appearing with ⟨bh⟩, ⟨p⟩, ⟨f⟩ or ⟨φ⟩ instead. For example, compare the various cognates of the word brother. It is the seventh least frequently used letter in the English language (after V, K, J, X, Q, and Z), with a frequency of about 1.5% in words.

Other languages
Many other languages besides English use ⟨b⟩ to represent a voiced bilabial stop.
In Estonian, Danish, Faroese, Icelandic, Scottish Gaelic and Mandarin Chinese Pinyin, ⟨b⟩ does not denote a voiced consonant. Instead, it represents a voiceless /p/ that contrasts with either a geminated /p:/ (in Estonian) or an aspirated /ph/ (in Danish, Faroese, Icelandic, Scottish Gaelic and Pinyin) represented by ⟨p⟩. In Fijian ⟨b⟩ represents a prenasalised /mb/, whereas in Zulu and Xhosa it represents an implosive /ɓ/, in contrast to the digraph ⟨bh⟩ which represents /b/. Finnish uses ⟨b⟩ only in loanwords.

Phonetic transcription
In the International Phonetic Alphabet, [b] is used to represent the voiced bilabial stop phone. In phonological transcription systems for specific languages, /b/ may be used to represent a lenis phoneme, not necessarily voiced, that contrasts with fortis /p/ (which may have greater aspiration, tenseness or duration).

Other uses
B is also a musical note. In English-speaking countries, it represents Si, the 12th note of a chromatic scale built on C. In Central Europe and Scandinavia, "B" is used to denote B-flat and the 12th note of the chromatic scale is denoted "H". Archaic forms of 'b', the b quadratum (square b, ♮) and b rotundum (round b, ♭) are used in musical notation as the symbols for natural and flat, respectively.
In Contracted (grade 2) English braille, 'b' stands for "but" when in isolation.
In computer science, B is the symbol for byte, a unit of information storage.
In engineering, B is the symbol for bel, a unit of level.
In chemistry, B is the symbol for boron, a chemical element.
The blood-type B emoji (🅱️) was added in Unicode 6.0 in 2010, and became a popular internet meme in 2018 where letters would be replaced with the emoji.

Related characters
Ancestors, descendants and siblings
𐤁 : Semitic letter Bet, from which the following symbols originally derive
Β β : Greek letter Beta, from which B derives
Ⲃ ⲃ Coptic letter Bēta, which derives from Greek Beta
В в : Cyrillic letter Ve, which also derives from Beta
Б б : Cyrillic letter Be, which also derives from Beta
ʙ : A small capital B, used as the lowercase B in a number of alphabets during romanization
𐌁 : Old Italic B, which derives from Greek Beta
ᛒ : Runic letter Berkanan, which probably derives from Old Italic B
𐌱 : Gothic letter bercna, which derives from Greek Beta
IPA-specific symbols related to B: ɓ ʙ β
B with diacritics: Ƀ ƀ Ḃ ḃ Ḅ ḅ Ḇ ḇ Ɓ ɓ ᵬ ᶀ
Ꞗ ꞗ : B with flourish
ᴃ ᴯ B b : Barred B and various modifier letters are used in the Uralic Phonetic Alphabet.
Ƃ ƃ : B with topbar

Derived ligatures, abbreviations, signs and symbols
␢ : U+2422 ␢ BLANK SYMBOL
฿ : Thai baht
₿ : Bitcoin
♭: The flat in music, mentioned above, still closely resembles lowercase b.

Code points
These are the code points for the forms of the letter in various systems

1 Also for encodings based on ASCII, including the DOS, Windows, ISO-8859 and Macintosh families of encodings.

Other representations
Use as a number
In the hexadecimal (base 16) numbering system, B is a number that corresponds to the number 11 in decimal (base 10) counting.

References
External links
 Media related to B at Wikimedia Commons
 The dictionary definition of B at Wiktionary
 The dictionary definition of b at Wiktionary
Giles, Peter (1911), "B" , Encyclopædia Britannica, vol. 3 (11th ed.), p. 87Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles "Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and "I've Got A Feeling".

Early life
Born into a family of singers and writers, Baron was introduced to many musical genres by her family at an early age. Noting her singing talents, her parents brought their young child to auditions for musical theater productions in New York City. The singer joined Glee clubs at school and formed her own female singing groups at school. At the age of 11, she heard her first "Rock and Roll" song. This affected her taste in music and desire to emulate the style; it was the first time she heard a Rock group with a female lead singer. This was significant since she realized that she could be a lead singer.

Recording career
At the age of 15, her parents sent her for vocal coaching in Manhattan, N.Y. After a while her coach sent her to record a demonstration record in a sound studio near Broadway. Upon hearing her sing, the sound engineer contacted his friend who was a producer of a small record company in N.Y.C.; he was impressed by her voice and immediately signed her to a contract. The singer's mother co-signed the document since Baron was a fifteen-year-old minor at the time.Baron became one of the many girl group/girl sound singers of the early 1960s. Baron was not a member of a group; her producers would hire "pay for hire" backup groups for her recordings. This "sound" as it is referred to had much to do with Phil Spector, one of its major creators; Spector produced recordings of this genre prolifically. The groups were composed of young adult or teenage girls, each with a lead singer and any number of back up singers.At the time, the troubled label (a small N.Y.C. record company owned by Wally Zober) could not promote Baron's "I've Got A Feeling"/"Oh Yeah" 45 vinyl and so she eventually signed a contract with Jerry Goldstein producer of FGG productions, also located in Manhattan. "Where Did My Jimmy Go"/"Tra la la, I Love You" was the result (Diamond).

Later life
Baron left the music industry at the age of 19, choosing to enter higher education due to changes in the music industry of those days; she eventually received an advanced degree.
Baron's "I've Got a Feeling" was covered by The Secret Sisters on their 2010 self-titled album as well as being released as a single. AllMusic describes Baron's song as "an early-'60s pop/rock obscurity".


Northwest High School is a secondary school in Grand Island, Nebraska, United States, and is part of the Northwest Public Schools district. It was founded in 1963. It is accredited by AdvancED. The school serves students in grades nine through twelve. Enrollment at the high school was 719 as of December 2016.Northwest High School colors are black and gold. The mascot is a Viking, and pupils are referred to as Northwest Vikings.Northwest High School is a member of the Nebraska School Activities Association (NSAA). They compete in District IV and Central West conference.

Notable alumni
Rick Allen, sportscasterGaby King (CEO of womens enterprise center) https://cweonline.org/About-CWE/News/Article-Detail/ArticleId/1164/Announcing-Gaby-King-Morse-as-the-next-CEO-of-the-Center-for-Women-amp-Enterprise

References
External links
School webpage at district websiteElsa Beskow (née Maartman) (11 February 1874 – 30 June 1953) was a famous Swedish author and illustrator of children's books. Among her better known books are Tale of the Little Little Old Woman and Aunt Green, Aunt Brown and Aunt Lavender.

Background
Born in Stockholm her parents were businessman Bernt Maartman (1841–1889), whose family came from Bergen, Norway, and Augusta Fahlstedt (1850–1915). Beskow studied Art Education at Konstfack, University College of Arts, Crafts and Design, then called Tekniska skolan, or the Technical school, in Stockholm.She married former minister and social worker, doctor of theology Natanael Beskow in 1897. Elsa Beskow met her future husband at Djursholms samskola while serving as a teacher where he served as head master. From 1900 they lived in Villa Ekeliden in Djursholm which had initially been built for the author Viktor Rydberg. They had six sons, including the artist Bo Beskow (1906–1989) and geologist Gunnar Beskow (1901–1991).

Career
In 1894 Beskow started to contribute to the children's magazine Jultomten. She ultimately began publishing her own books, doing both illustration and text. Overall, she would publish  some forty books with her own text and images. 
Beskow frequently combined reality with elements from the fairy tale world. Children meet elves or goblins, and farm animals talk with people. Central themes were the relationships between children and adults and children's independent initiative. Her work "depicted a happy home atmosphere in the Swedish countryside of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries."Beskow became one of the most well known of all Swedish children's book artists. Many of her books became classics and are continually reprinted. Beskow also illustrated ABC books and songbooks for Swedish schools. Her book pages are often framed by decorative framework of the Art Nouveau style.Beskow received "international recognition for simple, cheerful stories and outstanding illustrations."

Poem
Legacy
The Elsa Beskow Award was created in 1958 to recognize the year's best Swedish picture book illustrator.

Selected works
References
Bibliography
Hammar, Stina  Elsa Beskow (1958)
Håkansson, Gunvor Elsa Beskow och Astrid Lindgren (1967)'
Sjögren, Margareta Elsa Beskow och hennes värld  (1983)

Further reading
Elsa Beskow at Svenskt kvinnobiografiskt lexikon

External links
Elsa Beskow Biography at Floris Books, her English language publisher. English
Site dedicated to Elsa Beskow.  Swedish
Elsa Beskow (JulimJournals). German
Works by or about Elsa Beskow at Internet Archive
Works by Elsa Beskow at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks)Events from the year 1861 in Ireland.

Events
8–10 April – John George Adair of Glenveagh Castle evicts tenants at Derryveagh in County Donegal.
18 June – completion and official inauguration of the Wellington Monument, Dublin, in Phoenix Park, built to the design of Sir Robert Smirke (begun 1817).
21–30 August – Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, visit Ireland. They visit the Curragh Camp where Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, serving with the Grenadier Guards, has taken the actress Nellie Clifden as his first lover.
24 August – Mater Misericordiae Hospital is opened in Dublin by the Sisters of Mercy (architect: John Bourke).
17 September – the SS Great Eastern, with a badly damaged rudder, anchors in Cork Harbour for temporary repairs.
Reconstruction of Fort Camden as part of the Cork Harbour defences begins.
Irish Famine (1861)

Arts and literature
July – Sheridan Le Fanu becomes editor and proprietor of the Dublin University Magazine. From October he begins serialization of his novel The House by the Churchyard in it.

Sport
Malahide Cricket Club founded.

Births
23 January – Katharine Tynan, novelist and poet (died 1931).
6 February – George Tyrrell, expelled Jesuit priest and Modernist Catholic scholar (died 1909).
19 March – Joseph MacRory, Cardinal, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland (died 1945).
15 April – William Hoey Kearney Redmond, nationalist politician, barrister, brother of John Redmond, killed in Battle of Messines (died 1917).
21 June – Nathaniel Thomas Hone, cricketer (died 1881).
16 October – J. B. Bury, historian, classical scholar and philologist (died 1927).
3 November – Thomas O'Brien Butler, composer (died 1915 in the sinking of RMS Lusitania).
5 November – Sir Tim O'Brien, 3rd Baronet, cricketer (died 1948).
Full date unknown

Frank Duffy, labour leader in America (died 1955).
Nathaniel Hill, artist (died 1934).
Leonard Greenham Star Molloy, soldier, doctor, M.P. (died 1937)

Deaths
13 May – William Henry Fitton, geologist (born 1780).
19 May – Mother Frances Mary Teresa Ball, founder of Irish Branch of the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Loreto schools (born 1794).
27 June – Robert O'Hara Burke, explorer of Australia (born 1821).
11 August – Catherine Hayes, opera diva (born 1818).
10 December – John O'Donovan, scholar and first historic topographer (born 1806).


Dalieba (Chinese: 大列巴; pinyin: Dà Liěba; Russian: Далеба; Dungan:Да леба) or Lieba is a Chinese bread similar to Russian rye bread available in Northeast China.

Russian influence in Northeast China
Northeast China, at one time known as Manchuria, was considerably influenced by Russian culture, as Russians came there to build and manage East Chinese Railway in the 1890s, to work in the leased territory of Lushun and Dalian in 1898–1904, and to occupy that area at the end of the Second World War and in its aftermath.
The Russian influence on the cuisine of Northeast China may be observed in Dalieba bread and Hongchang sausage.

Dalieba bread
Dalieba is Chinese bread that is made to resemble Russia's rye bread in theory, and is so named from Da which means "Big" in Chinese, and Хлеб which means "Bread" in Russian. It is made from wheat flour, instead of ryeflour. Its taste is somewhat sweet.
Dalieba is available in large cities of Northeast China, such as Harbin, Changchun, Shenyang and Dalian, as nostalgic food to some people. Dalieba made by Qiulin Group is considered "authentic", and is also shipped to other cities.

See also
Rye bread/Black bread
Qiulin Group
Northeast China

References
External links
Savoring Daliaba and Hongchang at Qiulin Department Store/品嚐大列巴與裡道斯 (YouTube) (in Cantonese)Iborfia is a village in Zala County, Hungary.
The village had its golden age in the Medieval ages, but since then, the population of the village started to decline, as the people moved away from the village. In 2012, Iborfia had a population of 9 people. Iborfia is the smallest village in Hungary with municipality.

Political life
The last elections in Iborfia were held in 2019. 13 citizens were allowed to vote and voter turnout was 100%. The mayor became József Lakatos, the previous mayor of Iborfia. Lakatos got 9 votes, and the other candidate, Rózsa Ábrahám got 4 votes. In total, 5 people took part in the elections, so it's officially the 38% of the citizens.

Gallery
References
External links
Street map (in Hungarian)The 940th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment (940th IBAP/APIB since 1976) was an aviation regiment of the Soviet Air Force. It was formed in 1942 in the Soviet Far East and fought in the Soviet invasion of Manchuria. During the last months of the Korean War, the regiment was relocated to China, but did not fight in combat due to the end of the war. After the end of the latter it was transferred to Belarus, where it served for the remainder of the Cold War, being converted into a fighter-bomber regiment in 1960.

History
World War II
The 940th Fighter Aviation Regiment (IAP) was formed on 5 August 1942 at the 3rd Rail Siding airfield in Chita Oblast from the personnel of the 24th Reserve Aviation Regiment and 541st Short-Range Bomber Aviation Regiment, equipped with the then-obsolete Polikarpov I-16 fighter. The regiment was part of the 245th Fighter Aviation Division of the Air Force of the Transbaikal Front. Ten days after its formation, the 245th became part of the 12th Air Army in the same front. On 5 December, the regimental commander led a detachment transferring to the Eastern Front, where it became part of the 160th Fighter Aviation Regiment. The 245th transferred to the 9th Air Army on 8 July 1943. In November, the division became part of the 12th Air Army again, and a month later, the regiment  received newer Yakovlev Yak-9 fighters.On 14 April 1945, Colonel Pavel Dolzhenko took command of the regiment, which he led until 25 January 1947. From August 1945, the regiment was based in Mongolia. On 8 August, it had 38 Yak-9s and fought in the Soviet Invasion of Manchuria, which began the next day. During the Soviet invasion of Manchuria, which ended on 3 September, the regiment flew 256 sorties, 59 of which provided air cover from ground troops, 4 to escort transport planes, 67 reconnaissance, and 126 against Japanese airfields. The 940th did not see air combat, and lost a Yak-9 and a Yakovlev Yak-7V in operational accidents.

Postwar
On 24 September, the 245th was transferred back to the 9th Air Army in the Primorsky Military District. On 1 October, it was moved to Dalian. From July to September 1946, the regiment was reequipped with Lend-lease Bell P-63 Kingcobra aircraft. The regiment became part of the 153rd Fighter Aviation Division in February 1949. It became part of the 37th Fighter Aviation Division in November 1950 and moved to Lüshunkou. In 1952, it received Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 jet fighters. The regiment moved to Mukden in June 1953, to become part of the 64th Fighter Aviation Corps, which oversaw Soviet air units involved in the Korean War. The regiment was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Titov at this time. The regiment did not see combat action in the Korean War, as its inexperienced pilots were still being trained when the armistice was signed on 27 July.

In June 1954, it was moved to Ross, Grodno Oblast in Belarus and became part of the 95th Fighter Aviation Division. In 1955, the MiG-15s were replaced with the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-17. On 18 March 1960, the regiment was converted to a Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment and transferred to the 1st Guards Fighter-Bomber Aviation Division. It also changed its base to Postavy. Between 1962 and 1967 it was commanded by former deputy commander and highly decorated Korean War flying ace Lev Schukin. In 1976, the regiment received Sukhoi Su-7B and Su-7BMK aircraft. In 1979, it received its first Su-7BKL aircraft. In 1982, the Su-7s were replaced with Mikoyan MiG-27D and MiG-27M aircraft. The regiment was disbanded in May 1988. Its aircraft and equipment were transferred to the 129th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment.

Aircraft operated
References
Citations
Bibliography
Bykov, Mikhail; Anokhin, Vladimir (2014). Все истребительные авиаполки Сталина. Первая полная энциклопедия [All Fighter Aviation Regiments of Stalin. The First Complete Encyclopedia] (in Russian). Yauza. ISBN 9785457567276.Klimczak is a Polish surname. Notable people include:

Adrian Klimczak (born 1997), Polish footballer
Karen Klimczak (1943–2006), American Catholic nun
Krystyna Klimczak (born 1992), Polish figure skater
Piotr Klimczak (born 1980), Polish sprinterMachadoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.

Species
Machadoglyphus termitophilus Mahunka, 1963


Julian Dean (born 28 January 1975) is a former professional road racing cyclist from New Zealand who competed as a professional between 1999 and 2013. He last rode for UCI World Tour team Orica–GreenEDGE, where he now works as an assistant sporting director and mentor. His main achievements include winning the 2007 and 2008 New Zealand National Road Race Championships, finishing 9th in the 2005 World Road Championships in Madrid, and 10th place in the 2002 World Road Championships in Zolder. At the peak of his career he was considered the best lead out rider in the world, and was highly regarded by his teammate and friend Thor Hushovd.

Early life
Born in Waihi, New Zealand, Dean is the son of Waimata dairy farmers Peter and Valerie Dean. Locally known as the "Grasshopper", started cycling when he was just a child, beginning at the local BMX club in, where he had success with two 3rd-place finishes in the New Zealand Championships. Dean tried his hand at many sports before moving onto triathlon, which he enjoyed. From triathlon, Dean fell in love with cycling, where he represented New Zealand in road and track disciplines. In 1997, Dean got his chance to race in the US with the Shaklee team and the Mercury cycling team in 1998.

Career
US Postal
In 1999, Dean signed to the now-defunct US Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, whom he rode for until 2001, gaining experience from racing in Europe. He managed his first European victories with 2 stage wins in the tour of Britain. After having ridden in a team based around Lance Armstrong Dean went looking for new opportunities.
He got them by joining CSC–Tiscali in 2002. However, his joy was short-lived when Dean broke his leg in March 2002 and was out for three months. He took a stage win in the short stage race Tour de Wallonie taking the leaders jersey & holding on to win the overall race beating some of the world's best riders to the victory including a great tussle with Italy's star rider Michele Bartoli.

Credit Agricole
In 2004 he signed to Crédit Agricole as a lead-out man for sprinter Thor Hushovd. He finished 8th behind stage winner Tom Boonen in Stage 6 of the Tour de France. He missed the 2005 edition of the Tour due to an injury incurred in the 2005 Giro d'Italia. He later returned for the 2006 edition.
The 2007 cycling season started well with Dean winning the New Zealand Road Racing Champion title. This win entitled Dean to represent and wear the black and white New Zealand national cycling jersey whilst racing in all international road-racing events throughout the 2007 season. He continued to ride for the French-based team Crédit Agricole.
During the 2007 Tour de France, Dean was known for his role of lead-out for Thor Hushovd. Hushovd later said in interviews that Dean was "the best lead-out man in the world."
Dean's last public appearance wearing the Crédit Agricole jersey was the 2007 Mt Maunganui criterium race, held on 27 December 2007. He won the elite category.

Slipstream-Chipotle
From 2008 to 2011, Dean rode for Jonathan Vaughters' team Slipstream–Chipotle. He once again started the year by winning the New Zealand national Road Racing Championship, held in January. He recorded six top-ten finishes in the 2008 Tour de France, with a best performance of fourth in stage 14. His overall classification was 110th, and 9th in the points competition.In 2009, during the 13th stage of the Tour de France from Vittel to Colmar he, along with Óscar Freire of Rabobank got shot by an air rifle. He got shot in the thumb but was able to continue with a largely swollen hand where he eventually finished 112th on the stage. In completing the Tour de France, Dean became the only rider to start and finish all three grand tours during the 2009 season.During the finish of stage 11 from Sisteron to Bourg les Valence in the Tour de France Dean was involved in a highly publicised incident with Mark Renshaw, who repeatedly headbutted Julian Dean, who he believed had come across into his lead out. Subsequently, Renshaw was disqualified from the Tour de France.

GreenEDGE
In October 2011 Dean confirmed his move to the new Australian professional cycling team, GreenEDGE. Dean believed "It [is] a hugely exciting development for cycling, especially in Australia and New Zealand" and that "With the quality of the team named, [he is] confident we'll get World Tour status straight away" which was subsequently achieved. Australian riders already signed to GreenEDGE include 2011 Milan – San Remo winner, Matthew Goss, Australian National Road Race Champion, Jack Bobridge, Australian National Time Trial Champion and 2011 Tour Down Under winner, Cameron Meyer, four time Tour de France runner up, Stuart O'Grady and three-time winner of the points classification in the Tour de France, Robbie McEwen. Julian had a training injury at the first GreenEDGE camp. In December 2012 Dean confirmed his retirement from racing, his final race will be the New Zealand National Road Race Championships on 13 January. He will continue to work with GreenEdge Cycling as an assistant sporting director and mentor.

Grand Tour results
Tour de France
2004 : 127th
2006 : 127th
2007 : 107th
2008 : 110th
2009 : 121st
2010 : 157th
2011 : 145th

Giro d'Italia
2005 : Abandoned, Stage 6
2007 : 93rd
2008 : Did not start, Stage 19
2009 : 136th
2010 : Did not start, Stage 19

Vuelta a España
2005 : Abandoned, Stage 15
2009 : 132nd
2010 : Did not start, Stage 13

Personal life
Dean is married with two children. During his time in New Zealand, Dean, is based in Rotorua, New Zealand where he hopes to eventually be based permanently. In 2010 Dean competed in the Singlespeed Mountain Biking World Championships.

Palmares
References
External links
Official website
Cyclingnews.com 2007 NZ Road Championships
Julian Dean at Cycling Archives
Julian Dean at ProCyclingStats
Julian Dean at Cycling Quotient
Julian Dean at the New Zealand Olympic Committee
Julian Dean at Olympedia
Julian Dean at the Commonwealth Games FederationChristoph Sramek (born 6 September 1950) is a German music historian and music critic.

Life
Born in Chemnitz, Sramek passed his Abitur in 1969 in Burgstädt. He also obtained a skilled worker degree as bricklayer.
From 1969 to 1973 he studied music education and German studies at the Leipzig University. His teachers included Richard Petzoldt and Werner Wolf in music history, Hansgeorg Mühe in music theory and Werner Buschnakowski in piano. Bezirksverband Leipzig. Leipzig 1982, p. 62. His diploma thesis with Gerd Schönfelder as subject teacher deals with the topic Möglichkeiten aleatorischer musikalischer Gestaltungsweisen für das Musiktheater – untersucht an Fritz Geißlers "Zerbrochenem Krug". From 1973 to 1976 he was a teacher at the Polytechnic High School in Burgstädt. He also taught stenography at the Extended Secondary School.
From 1976 to 1979 he was an aspirant for musicology at the University of Leipzig. In 1980 he was awarded a doctorate by Udo Klement with the dissertation Studien zur Klangfarbe – unter Einbeziehung von Beispielen aus der Orchestermusik der DDR in den siebziger Jahren. From 1980 to 1988 he worked as an assistant in the research group Instrumental Music of the GDR and was temporarily head of the study department of the section for cultural and art studies. He began the Habilitation thesis Beziehungen zur Harmonik – ausgehend von Orchestermusikwerken Sachsens in den 1980er Jahren '(Relationships to Harmonics - based on orchestral music works of Saxony in the 1980s), which he did not complete. In 1988 he received the teaching qualification. From 1988 to 1989 he also studied at the Charles University. Sramek taught from 1978 to 1997 at the Institute for Musicology at the Leipzig University.From 1994 to 2015 he held a teaching position. From 2000 to 2003 he was twice deputy professor. In 2001 he was appointed Honorary Professor for historical musicology at the Institute of Musicology of the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig.
He works as a freelancer for the Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk. He also works as a music critic for music magazines such as Musik und Kirche, Üben und Musizieren, Das Orchester as well as the Freie Presse and the Ostthüringer Zeitung. He wrote several CD booklets in the field of New Music and published composer portraits for the music publisher Breitkopf & Härtel. Sramek is a member of the board of the Sächsischer Musikbund.

Publications
Studien zur Klangfarbe – unter Einbeziehung von Beispielen aus der Orchestermusik der DDR in den siebziger Jahren. 2 volumes, Leipzig 1980. (zugleich Dissertation, Universität Leipzig 1980)
with Allmuth Behrendt: Prof. Dr. Johannes Forner: „Durchdachte Poesien“ – die späten Klavierzyklen von Brahms. Abschiedsvorlesung am Freitag, dem 25. Januar 2002, Hochschule für Musik und Theater „Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy“ Leipzig, Hauptgebäude, Kammermusiksaal. Hochschule für Musik und Theater, Leipzig 2002.
die töne haben mich geblendet. Festschrift zum 60. Geburtstag des Dresdner Komponisten Jörg Herchet. Kamprad, Altenburg 2003, ISBN 3-930550-28-8.
Musik mit Klangsinnlich keit und konstruktivem Kalkül. Eine Dokumentation anlässlich des 70. Geburtstages von Siegfried Thiele. Künstlerisches Betriebsbüro der Hochschule für Musik und Theater, Leipzig 2004.
Dokumentation zum Leben und Schaffen des Leipziger Musikwissenschaftlers, Hochschullehrers und Musikkritikers Prof. Dr. sc. Werner Wolf anläßlich seines 80. Geburtstags am 15. März 2005. Leipzig 2005.
Thomas Buchholz. Skizzenblätter zu Leben und Werk des halleschen Komponisten. Verlag Neue Musik, Berlin 2011, ISBN 978-3-7333-0809-4.
(ed.): "Im Lichtstrom versunken nun sonnenhaft": Dokumente zum Schaffen des Dresdner Komponisten Jörg Herchet. Kamprad, Altenburg 2013, ISBN 978-3-930550-75-3.
with Wolfgang Orf: „Töne befragen – ihr Sosein erkunden“. Siegfried Thiele Werkeverzeichnis (ThWV): eine Dokumentation zu Leben und Schaffen des Leipziger Komponisten. Kamprad, Altenburg 2017, ISBN 978-3-95755-613-4.
(ed.): „im teil ist das ganze verborgen“. Dokumente zum Werk des Komponisten Jörg Herchet und seines Textautors Jörg Milbradt. Jörg Milbradt zum 75. Geburtstag gewidmet. Kamprad, Altenburg 2018, ISBN 978-3-95755-623-3.

References
External links
Literature by and about Christoph Sramek in the German National Library catalogue
Literatur von Christoph Sramek in the Bibliography of Music Literature
Christoph Sramek discography at DiscogsPassiflora maliformis, the sweet calabash, conch apple, wild purple passionfruit, or sweet cup, is a smallish (5cm) passionfruit with purple, yellow or green skin and a greyed-yellow to orange pulp that is aromatically scented and -flavoured. It is a fast-growing vine, growing best in somewhat cooler-than-tropical climates. The rind is particularly hard and tougher than most passionfruits. It is usually eaten fresh or used to flavour drinks. It is a native to the Caribbean, Central America and Northern South America.

Description
Passiflora maliformis is a fast-growing evergreen shrub or vine. The slender, woody stems can reach lengths of 3–10 metres and are equipped with tendrils by means of which the plant climbs other plants or structures for support. The green or orange-green fruit is up to 4cm in diameter. The skin of this fruit can be hard so a hammer is sometimes needed to open it for consumption.

Cultivation
It is usually grown from seeds but may also be propagated by stem-cuttings and layering. Grafting onto other Passiflora rootstock can improve hardiness. Passiflora maliformis grows in the warm, wet tropics the plants require a temperature no lower than around 16°c when they are flowering in order to ensure fruit set. Passiflora species tend to flower and fruit more freely when grown in soils of only moderate fertility. Seedlings can commence fruiting when only 1 - 2 years old. Plants in this genus are notably resistant to honey fungus.

Nutrition
Passiflora maliformis arils contain 85.44% water, 7.17% net carbohydrates, 3.63% fibre, 2.2% protein, and 0.45% fat (see table). A 100-gram amount provides 42 kilocalories and is an excellent source of magnesium and phosphorus as well as a significant source of other minerals (see table). The fruit also contains various organic acids and phenolic compounds which are responsible for the aroma and flavour. It is commonly eaten raw or made into a drink, it is said to have a flavor similar to grape.


Marjorie Katherine "Midge" Gladman Van Ryn (née Gladman; June 21, 1908 – November 9, 1999) was an American amateur tennis player in the early part of the 20th century.
Gladman played collegiate tennis at the University of Southern California. She was ranked in the U.S. top 10 nine times between 1928 and 1937, with her highest ranking at No. 4 coming in 1937.
She won the doubles title at the 1936 U.S. National Championships, partnering Carolin Babcock, and was a doubles finalist in 1937 and 1940.In 1928, she won the singles title in Cincinnati (defeating Clara Louise Zinke in the final), the Canadian National singles title, and the Western singles championship. She paired with Zinke to win the 1928 Western doubles title. In 1929, she won the singles and doubles titles at both the women's intercollegiate tournament in Boston and the Middle States singles title in Philadelphia. She also won the Delaware State singles title and was a finalist in doubles and mixed doubles there.
In 1931 and 1936, she participated in the Wimbledon Championships and reached a fourth round in the singles (1931), a quarterfinal in the women's doubles (1931), and a fourth round in the mixed doubles (1936). In March 1936 she won the  U.S. Indoor Championships defeating Norma Taubele in straight sets. At the same tournament she won the doubles title in 1932, 1949, 1950, 1951 and 1960.
On 22 October 1930, she married John Van Ryn, who was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1963. The marriage did not last, and on March 1, 1947, she married Richard Buck.In 1954, she was presented with the USTA Service Bowl Award, and in 1991, she was inducted into the USTA New England Hall of Fame.

Grand Slam finals
Doubles (1 title, 3 runner-ups)
Mixed doubles (1 runner-up)


The 17th Annual Gotham Independent Film Awards, presented by the Independent Filmmaker Project, were held on November 27, 2007, and were hosted by Sarah Jones. The nominees were announced on October 22, 2007.

Winners and nominees
Best Feature
Into the Wild

Great World of Sound
I'm Not There
Margot at the Wedding
The Namesake

Best Documentary
Sicko

The Devil Came on Horseback
Man from Plains
My Kid Could Paint That
Taxi to the Dark Side

Best Ensemble Performance
Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (TIE) Talk to Me (TIE)

The Last Winter
Margot at the Wedding
The Savages

Breakthrough Actor
Elliot Page – Juno

Emile Hirsch – Into the Wild
Kene Holliday – Great World of Sound
Jess Weixler – Teeth
Luisa Williams – Day Night Day Night

Breakthrough Director
Craig Zobel – Great World of Sound

Lee Isaac Chung – Munyurangabo
Stephane Gauger – Owl and the Sparrow
Julia Loktev – Day Night Day Night
David Von Ancken – Seraphim Falls

Best Film Not Playing at a Theater Near You
Frownland

August the First
Loren Cass
Mississippi Chicken
Off the Grid: Life on the Mesa

Gotham Tributes
Javier Bardem
Michael Bloomberg
Roger Ebert
Mark Friedberg
Mira Nair
Jonathan Sehring

Notes
References
External links
Official websiteRemount Complex is a heritage-listed former military installation at Wynter Road, Gallipoli Barracks, Enoggera, Queensland, Australia. The former Remount Complex is an important group of early twentieth century Australian Government defence buildings at the former Enoggera Army Camp, now known as Gallipoli Barracks. A group of five buildings, the Remount Section is a significant link to a famous, almost legendary, tradition of the Australian military: mounted units such as the Light Horse. It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.

History
Enoggera army camp
The Enoggera Army Camp, renamed Gallipoli Barracks in 1990, was synonymous with Army training in Queensland for many years. It was responsible for the training of thousands of Queenslanders for service in both World War I and World War II, and subsequent conflicts. The broader defence area at Enoggera has a considerable history of association with military activities, dating back to 1855. It is believed that British Imperial troops, based at Bulimba on the southern bank of the river, used the area for training exercises from as early as 1855. Rifle and training ranges, including the old Toowong Rifle Range, were established there and subsequently used by civilian groups such as the Queensland Rifle Association and the Queensland defence forces, including volunteer militia. Many Queensland troops sent to the Boer War in South Africa in the 1890s also trained here.After Federation in 1901 the Australian Government became responsible for defence matters, although a fully coordinated national defence force did not arise for a number of years. Once Commonwealth military units began to be established in earnest, the government began to acquire property on a large-scale to facilitate training and accommodation of its forces. The land at Enoggera was acquired by the Commonwealth as part of this process in 1908. The acquisition amalgamated four separate properties: Thompson's Paddock, Rifle Paddock, Fraser's Paddock and Bell Paddock, comprising a total of 1235 acres. The first major improvement made by the Commonwealth was the development of a new rifle range, with mounds targets and shelter sheds.The initial rifle range development at the site was followed by a prolonged period of initial development of the site, dating into the 1920s. The School of Musketry, Small Arms Magazine Store and two Cordite Magazines were erected in 1910 as part of a functional complex associated with the rifle range. These were followed by the explosives laboratory and the expense magazine in 1912. The cavalry remount section was built in 1913. Four more explosives magazines were built in 1913, and an additional magazine in 1915. The 1917-1920s period saw a number of hospital buildings and mobilisation stores also established.Nearly all of these 1910-1913 buildings are believed to have been designed by Thomas Pye, then Deputy Government Architect of the Queensland Public Works Department, under the supervision of A. B. Brady. From the early 1890s until the end of World War I the Queensland Government Architect's office was prolific in its output of new public buildings for both the Queensland and Commonwealth Governments. In the early post-Federation years the Queensland Public Works Department often constructed new buildings on behalf of the Commonwealth, which had insufficient resources to undertake many new projects. The time during which Brady was Government Architect coincided with an almost golden age of public construction in Queensland. A talented team of architects was on hand at various stages during this time, including Brady, Pye and John Smith Murdoch. During his tenure as Chief Architect, Southern Division, and then Deputy Government Architect, Pye designed or supervised plans for a number of Queensland's more prominent public buildings of the Federation period, including the Rockhampton Customs House, the Stanthorpe Post Office, the Woolloongabba Post Office and the Naval Offices in Brisbane.Since World War I, the Enoggera site has been constantly developed and expanded in line with the Army's changing requirements, although many of the earliest buildings have survived with their authenticity and integrity largely intact.The Gallipoli Barracks site has had a long association with a civilian organisation, the Queensland Rifle Association. The site was used by the Association in the 1850s and 1860s, but another site at Toowong was favoured by the club by the time the Commonwealth acquired the Enoggera properties. As soon as 1908 the rifle association had returned to Enoggera, seemingly sharing the facilities with the military for a number of years.

Enoggera and horses in the Australian military
Australia's rugged terrain and open spaces, and early pastoral industries were all key factors in the development of horsemanship, and the concept of the "drover" and the "bushman" in the early colonial periods. By natural extension, and because of the skill many Australians developed in horsemanship, mounted military units figured prominently in the colonies' plans to defend themselves and the Empire. Defended primarily by Imperial troops and ships in the first seventy years or so of European settlement, by the 1860s most Australian colonies had begun to develop fledgling navies and volunteer militia, in the context of perceived vulnerability to an invasion or annexation from Russia or other antagonistic world powers. By the 1880s, increased coordination and cooperation between the colonies led to a more focused effort in Australia to prepare for the continent's defence. One effect of this was the development, in each colony, of professional militia, to be supplemented by volunteers in times of emergency. From these earliest periods of home-grown defence, the horse has been a significant figure in Australia's military identity, borne on the reputation of the Australian bushman.Queensland's first colonial militia were raised in 1859, the year of its separation from New South Wales as an independent colony. Among those first units were the Mounted Rifles and the Mounted Infantry. From 1866 to 1885, however, as more formal military units were developed by the Queensland government, there were no equestrian forces. In the 1890s new mounted battalions were formed and in 1897 these were combined to form the Queensland Mounted Infantry.At the outbreak of the Boer War, Queensland was the first of the Australian colonies to offer troops, the first contingent of which left for South Africa in November 1899. This first group was entirely mounted, featuring 124 officers, 2041 troops and 2471 horses. Many of these troops would have trained at the Enoggera training ground and rifle range. Queensland units later fought in South Africa under the banner of the Commonwealth, following Federation in 1901. The first Commonwealth-raised units did not set sail until 1902, as the war reached its final stages.By 1903 the Queensland Mounted Infantry was restructured into the Commonwealth Light Horse, but remained stationed in Queensland. By 1913 the Commonwealth had established a remount complex at Enoggera to service the Queensland contingent of the Light Horse, similar to remount areas built simultaneously in other states, such as Maribyrnong (Victoria), Glenthorne  (South Australia) and Holsworthy, New South Wales. By 1914, the eve of Australia's involvement in World War I, the Light Horse had 23 regiments.Two of the units based at Enoggera, the 3rd Infantry Battalion AIF and the 2nd Light Horse, were among the first Australian troops called up for overseas service late in 1914. By this time, volunteers were pouring into Enoggera to enlist. Many of those who enlisted in the Light Horse brought their own horses, which were purchased by the Commonwealth, while others were issued with Commonwealth mounts, Walers, generally trained and broken at the remount depot. On 16 September 1914 the Light Horse recruits and regulars were formally inspected by the Governor General, Sir Ronald Ferguson and, four days later, over 2000 troops of the first expeditionary force marched through Brisbane. On 22 September, they embarked at Pinkenba Wharf, for overseas service.During the course of the war, Australian mounted units impressed allies and foes alike, and it became apparent that the Waler horses, so named for their New South Wales breeding, had developed a reputation as the world's finest cavalry horse. Over 160,000 Australian horses were shipped overseas with their units during the war.The 2nd Light Horse arrived in Cairo, Egypt, in January 1915 and took part in the ill-fated invasion of the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey in late April of that year. The Light Horse served at Gallipoli in a dismounted role, the terrain at Anzac/Ari Burnu being poorly suited to cavalry manoeuvres. At Gallipoli, the 2nd Light Horse were charged with the defence of Quinn's Post in Monash Valley, vulnerable to Turkish positions which looked directly over it. They were amongst the units required to hold the post under the brunt of a major Turkish counteroffensive on 19 May. On 7 August, as part of the now famous Allied "August Offensive", men of the 2nd Light Horse led a feint attack from Quinn's Post, charging the Turkish line and suffering heavy casualties, to coincide with the tragic charge of the 3rd and 1st Light Horse at The Nek.Following Gallipoli, the Light Horse participated more in cavalry style campaigns, primarily against the Ottoman Empire in Syria and Palestine. Several key battles in 1917 produced some of the Australian military's finest moments. A significant Allied victory was achieved in Gaza, Palestine, on 27 October 1917, when the 4th Australian Light Horse charged the Turkish trenches at Beersheba, causing a rout. Similar manoeuvres were effected weeks later in the capture of Jerusalem. Beersheba has been claimed as the last great cavalry charge in history (although this honour probably belongs to an Italian cavalry unit in Abyssinia during World War II), while some British commanders hailed it as the greatest cavalry operation in the history of the British Empire.While such exploits did much to build the mystique and honour of the Light Horse, technological change ultimately limited its future. After World War I the AIF was disbanded and replaced with the Citizens Military forces, presumably in anticipation of long-term world peace. These peace time forces included two cavalry divisions and three Light Horse regiments. The Remount Complex at Enoggera continued to be used for breaking horses and training troops in riding and mounted warfare.At the outbreak of World War II, Enoggera was once again used as a training camp for soldiers bound for overseas service. By this time, however, horses had been largely replaced by machines such as light tanks and armoured vehicles. Horses were used in battle for the last time in Syria in 1941, but, by this time, the Light Horse had largely been given over to armoured units. After the war, the Commonwealth's remount depots, including that at Enoggera, were closed.

Comparative information
The Enoggera Remount Depot, built in 1913, was just one of a number of remount complexes established by the Commonwealth around Australia, from 1913 until just after World War I. Other depots were also established, with the major ones at Victoria Barracks (New South Wales), Mowbray (Tasmania), Guildford (Western Australia), Holsworthy (New South Wales), Keswick (South Australia), and Glenthorne (South Australia). Of these, there are very few intact or extant buildings and structures remaining. The Holsworthy depot probably survives as subsurface archaeological remains only, while only part of the 1917 stables building at Victoria Barracks (Sydney) has survived. At Glenthorne, in South Australia, the remount depot was converted from an old homestead, and few purpose-built remnants of the depot have survived. The remount complex at Maribyrnong was situated on a rise known as "remount hill." This depot, established in 1913, incorporated the former racing stables of trainers CB and H Fisher, which is the only surviving element of this complex today. The Maribyrnong site also contains the grave of "Sandy", the mount of Major-General W.T. Bridges, an officer who died at Gallipoli in May 1915, reputedly the only military horse to return home to Australia after World War I.There is good evidence to suggest, therefore, that the former Enoggera Remount Complex is not only the most intact surviving Commonwealth remount depot, but that it is the only fully intact example of such a complex. Although there have been modifications to its buildings, the complex, which is no longer used for its original purpose, all of the buildings remain in situ and intact, with substantial original fabric. Furthermore, they also still fully demonstrate the appearance and function of a Commonwealth remount depot, and its related military function that was once essential to what a crucial element of Australia's military forces, the Mounted Infantry and the Light Horse.

Description
Remount Complex is at about 1ha, Wynter Road, Enoggera, comprising an area bounded by a line commencing at the intersection of the eastern side of Wynter Road and the alignment of the southern wall of Building E68, then easterly via that alignment to its intersection with the boundary fence line, then northerly via the boundary fence line to its intersection with the alignment of the northern wall of Building E79, then westerly via that alignment to its intersection with the western side of Wynter Street, then northerly via the western side of Wynter Street to Brand Road, then westerly via the southern side of Brand Road to Lavarack Parade, then southerly via the eastern side of Lavarack Parade to its intersection with the alignment of the southern wall of Building E67, then easterly via that alignment to its intersection with the eastern side of Wynter Road, then southerly to the point of commencement. Included are Buildings E67, E68, E69, E70, E71, E78, E79, E80, E82, and the landscaped garden zone.

Enoggera remount section
The Remount Section was established in 1913 to train and care for the horses of Commonwealth military units. The complex consists of five main buildings: the Barracks Block (E67), Fodder Store (E68), Carpenter's Store and Saddlery (E69), Farriery (E70) and Infirmary Building (E71).The Barracks Block (E67) was built as accommodation for men in two dormitories, each 36 feet by 22 feet (10.97 x 6.7 metres). Beds or bunks were not provided, instead each man slept on a palliasse with ground sheet on the floor. There were separate Sergeant's room, lavatories, laundry and storerooms, and a large mess room and kitchen to the rear. During World War II the Barracks Block was converted to the quarters of the Officer in Charge and headquarters of the Remount Depot. The dormitories and Sergeant's room were divided down the centre and transformed into two married quarters, while the mess area was converted to an office and headquarters. The kitchen became the men's recreation and lunch room. In 1952 the old dormitory wing was converted again, into an officers' lounge and billiards room, with other minor internal modifications. The building is still in use as an officers' mess. Externally, there is minimal change to its original appearance.The building consists of three independent sections, set up on stumps, joined by covered walkways. The front section consists of the former barracks block, a highset timber building with entry via a timber staircase and an enclosed central timber verandah. From this entry, two large (former) accommodation wings either side define the symmetry of the building. The enclosed entry verandah features timber sash windows, probably original, but all others are aluminium sliding windows. The building is clad in a cream timber weatherboard, with a white corrugated iron roof, which is gabled to the front entry verandah (with a white horizontal timber-strip infill) and half-gabled to the side elevations, with red gutters and trims. Internally, spaces have been extensively remodelled over time to accommodate changing purposes, although some original wall, door, ceiling and floor fabric survives in situ.The other two sections of the building, the mess room and the kitchen, are similar in composition, but considerably smaller than the front building. The three structures are connected, in sequence, via covered timber walkways, flanked by recently added timber decking. The entire site is highlighted by a formal garden space to the front, featuring concrete pathways and large palm trees. The rear garden is less formal, but features one Moreton Bay Fig of considerable size. Opposite the front entrance, bounded by the junction of Lavarack Parade and Wynter Road, is a large landscaped garden zone, part of the recreational spaces of the original Remount Depot Barracks Block.The Fodder Store (E68) was a simple timber building, designed for the storage of fodder and other supplies. Some minor alterations and additions have been made more recently, including the enclosing of the verandahs and a 1950s timber extension to the rear. It is a simple, rectangular building with white corrugated iron walls and a red corrugated iron hipped roof. The foundations are a combination of original timber and later concrete stumps, the former having been affected by termite activity in places. While a great deal of original building fabric remains, including floors, cladding, roofing and some windows and doors, it is in relatively poor condition.The Carpenter's Store and Saddlery (E69) was constructed after the other buildings in the complex, being added during World War I, primarily for the purpose of storing and repairing saddles. It is currently used as a general-purpose storage shed. It is a small, rectangular building, clad in cream weatherboard with a gabled, red corrugated iron roof. On the eastern (side) elevation, there are four large square corrugated iron doors, a later addition, which open outwards. Many original fabric elements remain, including the roofing, cladding, casement windows, trims and concrete floor. A small timber extension was added to the north elevation of this building in the 1950s.The Farriery (E70) originally consisted of a shoeing shed and blacksmith's area and lean-to, featuring an open forge with ash floor and a red brick chimney. The Farriery has undergone several minor modifications since 1913, including the addition of some doors and windows, while the forge and brick chimney have been removed. The building, which lies to the north of the Saddlery, is presently used as a storeroom. It is a simple, rectangular, cream weatherboard clad building with a hipped, corrugated iron roof. Three large, square timber doors are present on the eastern elevation. The timber cladding and the majority of the roofing are original, as are a large proportion of the windows and internal lining and trims.The Infirmary Building (E71) was built for the care and treatment of sick horses. It originally contained stable accommodation for ten horses, with each horse contained in 13 by 13 foot (3.96 by 3.96 metre) stalls. The floor was constructed of wood block pavers, which sloped to the middle of the building, connecting to a drainage system and absorbing pits. The Infirmary also contained two fodder stores, harness room and pharmacy, each of which had a concrete floor. The Infirmary was partly destroyed by fire in 1925, but rebuilt to match the existing fabric. The original feed boxes were removed in 1961 when the building was converted for use as a RAEME depot attached to the 3RAR. The original wood block floors were replaced with concrete at this time.The former Infirmary is clad in cream weatherboard, with a gabled, red corrugated iron roof. Most of the external cladding and roofing is original, although significant modifications have been made to the internal make-up of the building, to accommodate changing functions, which has had some impact on the internal and external fabric. The original plans show the Infirmary building designed in a vee shape, with each length of the building branching off at a ninety-degree angle, one east–west and the other north–south. Each length contained five individual stable cubicles, each with its own door, serviced by fodder stores at the end of each row of stalls. The pharmacy was a slightly larger room, located at the southern end of the building. The plans also show a planned extension, which was a mirror image of the existing building, built to the southern end of the site, although this was never built. The original stable doors have been filled in, with windows inserted, and most of the partitions between the former stable cubicles have been removed, except for three converted single rooms at the southern end. New doorways, windows and internal partitions have been added in various places, although much of the internal tongue and groove lining, windows and doors still remain. One feature of particular interest in this building is the ventilation design. In addition to the large number of roof ventilators, there is also a system of wall ventilation, which provides overlapping gaps between the first four weatherboards below the roofline to allow circulation of air. This would have alleviated humidity and heat for horses required to be kept quarantined indoors due to illness.The former Remount Complex at Enoggera features two distinct precincts, separated by Wynter Road, which runs through the complex on a north–south axis. The first of these is the accommodation precinct, featuring the former barracks and landscaped garden. The second is a discrete complex of functional buildings, the Fodder Store, Saddlery, Farriery and Infirmary. Within this precinct, the buildings form a large, rectangular yard area, onto which each building faces. While this is presently covered in asphalt, the original area was probably grassed, and used for saddling and marshalling horses. Two more recent unrelated buildings (E80 and E82) built on the site of the proposed extension to E71, intrude on this area somewhat.Gallipoli Barracks, in general, has been planned and constructed as a series of open areas, with minimal fencing only around secure compounds.In the early periods of its existence the remount section was situated along the eastern boundary of the military range site. Immediately west of and with a direct relationship to this complex, were the horse paddocks, where training and instruction in horsemanship and cavalry tactics was conducted. During and following World War II, however, as the value of military horsemanship declined and other needs gained precedence, the area was subsumed, with a series of new buildings occupying these spaces.

Condition
The area has not been used as a remount complex since World War II. Most of the buildings are now used for storage or office space, and have been modified accordingly. Much original fabric is still evident. The former Barracks Building was converted into an officers' mess in the 1950s, and still retains that function today. While the building has undergone several internal modifications, original fabric is still present and the original layout can be discerned from this. The complex is essentially in very good condition.

Heritage listing
The complex is probably the most intact former Commonwealth remount depot in Australia, featuring infirmary and stables, saddlery, farriery, fodder store, and barracks, and as such may be the only site where a full appreciation of the role and function of remount depots in Australian defence history can be achieved.The buildings of the former remount depot at Enoggera are pragmatic, stylish but modest in detail, with custom-designed adaptations to Brisbane's subtropical climate, such as the ventilated weatherboards on the stable cubicles of the Infirmary Building.Remount Complex was listed on the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004 having satisfied the following criteria.Criterion A: Processes
The former Remount Complex at Gallipoli Barracks, Enoggera, built in 1913 by the Queensland Public Works Department on behalf of the Commonwealth, is of considerable historical significance. It comprises five buildings and landscape elements particular to the function of a military remount depot, designed for the training and treatment of horses, used so effectively by Australian forces in World War I.The former Remount Complex buildings are an integral component of a suite of pre-World War I Commonwealth buildings at Enoggera, including the Small Arms Magazine, former School of Musketry and former Small Arms Magazine. Each of these buildings reflects a significant phase in the construction of government infrastructure in Australia, where Commonwealth buildings were often designed and built by state public works departments on behalf of the Commonwealth.Criterion B: Rarity
While some modifications have been made, the buildings remain in their original locations with their original interrelationships intact; these early twentieth century functions and design can still be seen clearly in their form, fabric and appearance. The buildings form a discrete complex, which was once enhanced by an adjacent horse paddock, now subsumed by more recent buildings.Criterion H: Significant people
The former Remount Complex is associated with Australia's legendary mounted soldiers, especially the Light Horse, whose exploits at Gallipoli, Beersheba and Jerusalem ensured for them a place as one of Australia's most revered battle units, and a reputation as one of the most successful cavalry forces in history. The complex at Enoggera is closely associated with Queensland's cavalry units, particularly the 2nd Light Horse, descended from the Queensland colonial militia, and the Queensland Mounted Infantry and Mounted Rifles, over 2000 of whom were trained at Enoggera for battle as the first colonial Australian force to be committed to the South African War of 1899–1902.These buildings were designed by Thomas Pye, Queensland's Deputy Government Architect, between 1910 and 1913. Pye, his superior, A. B. Brady, and his colleagues at the Queensland Government Architects Office, contributed a considerable number of buildings for the Commonwealth government in the post-federation period.

References
Bibliography
Peddle Thorp Architects on behalf of the Department of Defence, Australian Army. Gallipoli Barracks Remount Section, Conservation Management Plan. 1995.

Attribution
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on Remount Complex (former), entry number 105638 in the Australian Heritage Database published by the Commonwealth of Australia  2019 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 15 May 2019.Siona Benjamin (born 11 December 1960) is an Indian-American artist originally from Mumbai, India and now residing in the New York City area.

Background
Siona Benjamin (Kasukar) is originally from Bombay, now living in the New York City area. Her signature work as a multicultural artist reflects her background of being brought up Jewish in a predominantly Hindu and Muslim in India. In her paintings, she combines the imagery of her past with the role she plays in America today, making a mosaic of underlying meaning inspired by both Indian miniature paintings and Sephardic icons. She has her first MFA in painting and a second MFA in Theater set design. She has exhibited in the US, Canada, Europe, India, and Asia.
Siona has been awarded two Fulbright Fellowships: in Fall 2016, Siona embarked on a new project to take place in Israel titled Motherland to Fatherland: Indian Transcultural Jews; in 2010-11, Siona was awarded an art project titled Faces: Weaving Indian Jewish Narratives. Research for this project was conducted in India, and the first exhibition took place in October 2013 at the Prince of Wales museum in Mumbai, India.
Her work has been featured in: The New York Times, The Chicago Tribune, The Philadelphia Inquirer, The Financial Times, The Jewish Week in NYC and NJ, The Boston Globe, The St. Louis Gazette, Art in America, Art New England, Art and Antiques, ArtNews, Moment magazine, and several newspapers, magazines, journals, and books.
Siona's original paintings are available and represented by ACA Galleries in New York City.

Themes
Growing up in India, assimilation was expected in much of her daily life, and so "identity" and "mutual understanding" became major themes in Benjamin’s art. Her culturally diverse background informs her approach to art. Her work is influenced by biblical subject matter, reflections on gender and an interest in Midrashic process. Much of her imagery reflects Indian mythology in an effort to reveal what shapes both physical and spiritual identity. In her series "Finding Home", begun in the late 1990s, and in other work, Benjamin colors figures blue. Ori Soltes, professor and curator, comments, "She applies a skin color most frequently associated with a male--the Hindu god, Krishna--to female figures, forcing the viewer to stop and rethink whatever she thought she knew about that association." Also at the core of her work is an ecumenical and empathetic spirit that comes from the very core of Jewish experience. Stylistically amalgamating Indian/Persian miniatures with pop culture, Christian and Jewish illuminated manuscripts, and Jewish and Hindu mythology, Siona also brings her canvas characters to life through animation and performance dance artists. The multicultural, syncretic quality of her art is underlined in the film Blue Like Me, directed by Hal Rifken.

Depictions of Women
Most of the figures in Benjamin's work are women. A subgroup of the Finding Home series is subtitled "Fereshteh," which means "angel" in Urdu. The major characters in the Fereshteh series are women of the Bible. However, when men appear in this series, they are actually women in the guise of men. Miriam is seen in three works. In one, she is carrying a suitcase and walking--possibly out of Egypt--dressed in traditional Indian attire; in a second, she is ill and surrounded by demons, and in the third, she is shown as a Persian angel caught in a spider's web. Lilith, on the other hand, is shown in three pop art versions. Lilith is traditionally seen as a seductress and a destroyer, but Benjamin views Lilith, Adam's first wife, as also being the first feminist. In one of the works (Finding Home #74 (Fereshteh) "Lilith"), she is wearing a protective amulet that might normally be worn as protection from her, and Lilith's speech balloon says "A thousand of years have I waited keeping the embers of revenge glowing in my heart." She is shown with angel wings and a background of flames.  Rachel, Leah, and Esther are amongst others included in the series.Her 2014 gouache on paper series, The Four Mothers Who Entered Pardes, includes works showing Rachel, Sara, Leah, and Rebecca. Rather than the four wise men who, according to a Jewish legend entered Pardes, or Paradise, in the first century C.E., Benjamin substitutes these four women.

Tikkun olam
Few things are more cherished in Jewish tradition than tikkun olam, which translates to "mending the world". Observant Jews practice tikkun olam every day in their thoughts and actions. As Abraham Joshua Herschel has posed when asked, "Who is a Jew?" he replied: "A Jew is a person whose integrity decays when unmoved by the knowledge of wrong done to other people." Through study and reflection, Benjamin has made tikkun olam central to her art.

References
External links
Official website
Kickstarter for a documentary about Benjamin
Siona Benjamin at ACA Galleries
Siona Benjamin at the Jewish Art Salon
Siona Benjamin in the Feminist Artist Base at the Brooklyn MuseumThe First Battle of Dongola was a battle between early Arab-Muslim forces of the Rashidun Caliphate and the Nubian-Christian forces of the Kingdom of Makuria in 642. The battle, which resulted in a Makurian  victory, temporarily halted Arab incursions into Nubia and set the tone for an atmosphere of hostility between the two cultures until the culmination of the Second Battle of Dongola in 652.

Background
In the 6th century the area that had once been under the domination of the Kingdom of Kush converted to Christianity. It included the kingdoms of Alodia, Makuria and Nobatia, which rested on Egypt's southern border. Over a century later, the religion of Islam united the nomadic Arab tribes into an expanding military and political force by 632. In 640, the military leader 'Amr ibn al-'As conquered Egypt from the Byzantine Empire. To consolidate Muslim control over Egypt, it was inevitable to secure its western and southern borders. Amr accordingly sent expeditions to Byzantine North Africa and Makuria's Nubia.

Battle
In 642, 'Amr ibn al-'As sent a column of 20,000 horsemen under his cousin Uqba ibn Nafi against Makuria. They managed to get as far as Dongola, the capital of Makuria. However, in a rare turn of events, the Arab forces were beaten back.According to historian Al-Baladhuri, the Muslims found that the Nubians fought strongly and met them with showers of arrows. The majority of the Arab forces returned with wounded and blinded eyes. It was thus that the Nubians were called 'the pupil smiters'. Al-Baladhuri also states, quoting from one of his sources that went to Nubia twice during the rule of `Umar ibn al-Khattab.

"One day they came out against us and formed a line; we wanted to use swords, but we were not able to, and they shot at us and put out eyes to the number of one hundred and fifty."

The Nubian victory at Dongola was one of the Rashidun Caliphate's rare defeats during the mid-7th century. With their archers' deadly accuracy plus their own experienced cavalry forces, Makuria was able to shake the Amr's confidence enough for him to withdraw his forces from Nubia.

Arab withdrawal from Nubia
Arab sources claim that the expedition into Nubia was not a Muslim defeat while at the same time acknowledging it was not a success. The expedition into Nubia, as well as the more successful expedition into Byzantine North Africa, were undertaken by 'Amr ibn al-'As on his own accord. He believed that they would be easy victories and would inform the caliph after the conquests.The Arab sources also make it clear there were no pitched battles in Nubia. Yet, they do mention an encounter whereupon Uqba ibn Nafi and his forces happened upon a concentration of Nubians that promptly gave battle before the Muslims could attack. In the ensuing engagement, he claims 150 Muslims lost an eye.Arab sources lend more credit to Nubian guerrilla tactics than a single decisive engagement. They claim that the Nubians would call out to their Muslim adversaries from afar where they would like their arrow wound. The Muslims would jokingly respond, and the arrow would strike them there invariably. This statement, along with a claim that Nubian horsemen were superior to Muslim cavalry in hit-and-run tactics, was used to support their position that the Nubians were besting them in skirmishes and not all-out battles.Regardless of the situation, Uqba ibn Nafi was unable to succeed with his expedition and wrote back to his cousin that he could not win against such tactics and that Nubia was a very poor land with no treasure worth fighting for. Uqba may not have been exaggerating, since Nubia is surrounded by formidable deserts. Upon receiving this news, Amr bin al-As asked his cousin to withdraw, which he did.

Aftermath
Al-Baladhuri states 'Amr decided to withdraw his forces for two principal reasons: that there was little treasure to be had, and that the Nubian military proved considerable. Thus, it was thought better to make peace. However; he was unwilling to stop campaigning elsewhere, and peace between Muslim Egypt and Christian Makuria only really materialized upon the succession of Abdullah Ibn Sa'ad in 645. This peace would last until the Second Battle of Dongola, whose outcome would result in one of the longest peace treaties in recorded history.

See also
Kingdom of Makuria
Rashidun Caliphate
Amr ibn al-A'as

References
Sources
Ashraf, Shahid (2004). Encyclopaedia of Holy Prophet and Companions. New Dehli: Anmol Publications PVT. LTD. p. 5054. ISBN 81-261-1940-3.
Clark, Desmond J.; Roland Anthony oliver; J.D. Fage; A.D. Roberts (1975). The Cambridge History of Africa Volume 2 c. 500 B.C. - A.D. 1050. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 847. ISBN 0-521-21592-7.
Jennings, Anne M. (1995). The Nubians of West Aswan: Village Women in the Midst of Change. Boulder: Lynne Rienner Publishers. pp. 179 Pages. ISBN 1-55587-592-0.
Lobban, Richard (2003). Historical dictionary of ancient and medieval Nubia. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. pp. 511 Pages. ISBN 0-8108-4784-1.Defence Exhibition Organisation is an autonomous organisation of the Indian Government established in 1981. The organisation was established to promote export potential of the Indian defence industry. The agency is responsible for organising international exhibitions such as DEFEXPO and Indian participation at overseas exhibitions.  
DefExpo2020 was held in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh from February 5th to 8th, 2020. This is for the first time the defence exhibition is being held in the northern state to explore potential available for defence productions. MoD has already announced Uttar Pradesh Defence Corridor to attract investments in defence manufacturing.

See also
Aero India
Make In India
Startup India
defexpo.gov.in

References
External links
DefExpo WebsiteManaraga is a peak in the northern Ural Mountains in Yugyd Va National Park, within the Komi Republic, in Russia.  It has an elevation of 1,662 metres (5,453 ft).

Geography
It is located 16.5 km west of Mount Narodnaya, the highest peak in the Ural mountains.The slopes of the peak are gentle and grassy, but the summit is jagged and rocky. Manaraga translated from Nenets means "Bear Paw".

In culture
Manaraga is the title of a novel by Vladimir Sorokin published in 2017.

See also
Yugyd Va National Park


Oskar Petrus Nissinen (26 July 1864, Sortavala – 27 March 1937) was a Finnish land surveyor, farmer and politician.
He was a Member of the Diet of Finland from 1900 to 1906 and a Member of the Parliament of Finland from 1917 to 1919, representing the Young Finnish Party until 1918 and the National Coalition Party from 1918 to 1919.


Bluejohn Canyon (often mistakenly referred to as "Blue John Canyon") is a slot canyon in eastern Wayne County, Utah, United States. It is on BLM land just south of the boundary of the Horseshoe Canyon Unit of Canyonlands National Park.

Description
Bluejohn Canyon is probably named for a 19th-century outlaw by the name of John Griffith, who reportedly kept stolen horses in the area. He had one blue eye and one brown eye and was known by the nickname "Blue John".Though often mistakenly believed to be within Canyonlands National Park, Bluejohn Canyon is actually on BLM land southwest of the Horseshoe Canyon Unit of the park and 42 miles (68 km) south of the town of Green River. The main fork of the canyon, approximately 11 miles (18 km) in length, runs north-northeast from the Robbers Roost Flats, and is a tributary of Horseshoe Canyon. The main fork also has several tributary canyons of its own. Traversing the entire length of Bluejohn Canyon requires technical canyoneering skills and equipment.
Bluejohn Canyon came to international attention in 2003 as the place where outdoorsman Aron Ralston was forced to amputate his own right forearm with a multi-tool after it became trapped by a boulder. Ralston's five-day ordeal was described in his autobiography Between a Rock and a Hard Place and was depicted in the 2010 film 127 Hours.

See also
List of canyons and gorges in Utah

References
External links
 Media related to Bluejohn Canyon at Wikimedia CommonsDaerden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Frédéric Daerden (born 1970), Belgian politician and a member of the French-speaking Socialist Party
Jos Daerden (born 1954), Belgian football manager and footballer
Koen Daerden (born 1982), Belgian footballer
Michel Daerden (1949–2012), Belgian politicianRMS Otranto was an ocean liner that was built for the Orient Steam Navigation Company in 1925. The "RMS" prefix stands for Royal Mail Ship, as she carried overseas mail under a contract between Orient Line and Royal Mail. Otranto was in service until 1957, when she was sold for scrap.
The ship was named after the town of Otranto in Apulia in southern Italy. She was Orient Line's second ship of that name. The first was a 1909 passenger liner that in 1914 became the armed merchant cruiser HMS Otranto and in 1918 was lost as a result of a collision.
In the Second World War the second Otranto was converted into a troop ship and a Landing ship, infantry. She took part in the invasions of French North Africa (Operation Torch), Sicily (Operation Husky) and Italy (Operation Avalanche).

Building and details
Vickers Armstrong built Otranto in its Barrow-in-Furness shipyard and launched her on 9 July 1925.
She was 632.0 feet (192.6 m) long between perpendiculars, had a beam of 75.2 feet (22.9 m) and a draught of 37 feet 6 inches (11.43 m). Her tonnages were 20,032 gross register tons (GRT), 12,031 net register tons (NRT) and 12,228 tons under deck. She had twin propellers driven through reduction gears by six steam turbines that between them developed 3,722 NHP. Six double-ended and two single-ended boilers supplied steam at 215 lbf/in2 to the turbines. 56 corrugated furnaces with a combined grate surface area of 2,688 square feet (250 m2) heated her boilers.

Career
In 1926 Otranto was slightly damaged when she struck a rock at Cape Grosso, Greece during a heavy rainstorm. Otranto accidentally collided with the Japanese steamer Kitano Maru in August 1928, heavily damaging her. In May 1932 she played a small part in the rescue of the passengers and crew of the French ocean liner Georges Philippar in the Gulf of Aden. On 4 August 1932 she collided with the Thames barge Why Not in the Thames Estuary at Thameshaven, Essex, England; Why Not sank.When World War II broke out in 1939 the Admiralty requisitioned Otranto and had her converted into a troop ship. In 1942 she was modified to carry landing craft as a Landing ship, infantry. She took part in the invasion of French North Africa later that year and the landings in Sicily and Salerno in 1943. She was subsequently reconverted back into a troop transport and served as such until released from government service in 1948.
Otranto then resumed her pre-war role as a passenger liner, now refitted to carry 1,412 tourist-class passengers. In February 1957 she made her final voyage, from the UK to Sydney, Australia via Cape Town, South Africa. She was sold for scrap in June.

Notes
Bibliography
Lenton, H. T. (1998). British & Empire Warships of the Second World War. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-048-7.
Scott, R Neil (2012). Many Were Held by the Sea: The Tragic Sinking of HMS Otranto. Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 978-1-4422-1342-5.
Talbot-Booth, EC (1936). Ships and the Sea (Third ed.). London: Sampson Low, Marston & Co. Ltd. p. 383.William Henry Parsons (April 23, 1826 – October 3, 1907) was an American newspaper editor and legislator who served as a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War. He was the brother of Albert Parsons, a pioneer American socialist/anarchist and newspaper editor who also served in the Confederate Army, and the brother-in-law of Lucy Parsons, American labor organizer and socialist/communist.

Biography
Although born in New Jersey, Parsons grew up in Montgomery, Alabama. He attended Emory College in Oxford, Georgia, but he left college to fight in Mexico under Zachary Taylor. Parsons later worked in the newspaper business in Texas. When the Civil War began, he received a commission as a colonel from Governor Edward Clark. His Fourth Regiment Texas Volunteer Cavalry became the Twelfth Texas Cavalry when the unit was mustered into the Confederate States Army on October 28, 1861. Parsons helped defend Little Rock, Arkansas against a Union army led by Brigadier General Samuel Curtis and Louisiana from Major General Nathaniel Banks. He was recommended for the rank of brigadier general several times.
After the war, he left Texas to investigate the possibility of establishing a Confederate colony in British Honduras. He returned to be elected to the Texas State Senate. In 1871, President Grant appointed him a centennial commissioner, and he moved to New York.
In 1907, he died at the home of his son in Chicago and was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery, Hastings-on-Hudson, New York.

See also
Battle of Cotton Plant
Battle of Goodrich's Landing
Albert Parsons


Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1988.

Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and Örebro SK and Halmstads BK won the championship.

League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)Ole Edvard Buck (14 November 1799 – 13 June 1843) was a Norwegian politician.
He was appointed County Governor of Finmarkens Amt (today's Troms and Finnmark) in 1833. In 1838 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1838, representing his county. He served only one term.After his parliamentary term he was sent to Northwest Russia by the government (Wedel-Jarlsberg's Second Ministerium), in order to improve commercial relations. During this period Mons Lie was acting County Governor. Buck died in 1843.


Busto Arsizio is a railway station in Italy. Located on the common section of the lines Domodossola–Milan, Luino–Milan and Porto Ceresio–Milan, it serves the city of Busto Arsizio. It is joined by a junction track to the Busto Arsizio Nord railway station, managed by Ferrovienord.

Services
The station is served by the line S5 of the Milan suburban railway network and by the regional lines Milan–Domodossola and Milan–Varese, operated by Trenord and Trenitalia.
It is also served by the line S50 of the Ticino rapid transit network, operated by TILO.

See also
Milan suburban railway network

External links
 Media related to Busto Arsizio train station at Wikimedia CommonsJohn Mark Johnston (born September 21, 1962) is an American former politician. He served in the South Dakota Senate from 2011 to 2013.


Antonio de los Reyes Correa  (c. 1665 – June 9, 1758), also known as El Capitán Correa, was a Puerto Rican native who served as a Captain in the Spanish Army. Correa and his men defended the town of Arecibo from a British invasion in 1702.

Early years
Correa was born in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, to Jose Rodriguez Correa and Francisca Rodriguez de Valdez Colon. He was in charge of a small militia whose job was to protect the city of Arecibo from any attack which the city may be subject to, either by pirates or foreign forces. His claim to fame came as a result of his defense of the city from an attack and possible invasion by the British on August 5, 1702.

Defense of Arecibo
During the early part of the 18th century the United Kingdom was at war with Spain, and Great Britain ordered an attack on the Spanish possessions in the New World.  On August 5, 1702, two British warships approached the coastal town of Arecibo.  Two smaller boats with a company of British soldiers landed on Arecibo's beach.  The Puerto Rican militia - headed by Correa - had only thirty men, armed with just spears and machetes, who fought the British, who were better armed with muskets and swords.  At the end of the battle there were twenty-two British dead on land and 8 at sea, including the captain in charge of the landing troops, who had died at the hands of Correa. Correa himself was wounded but the British left and the city of Arecibo was saved. As a result Correa was declared a Puerto Rican national hero.

Honors and later years
Correa was awarded "La Medalla de Oro de la Real Efigie" (The Gold Medal of the Royal Image), by King Philip V of Spain and given the title of "Captain of Infantry" on September 23, 1703. It was within Spanish tradition to name its Captain of Infantry to the position of Mayor. Correa served as temporary mayor of Arecibo from  1700 to 1701 and then as official mayor from 1701 to 1705. He also served as mayor from 1710 to 1714 and from 1716 to 1744.Capt. Antonio de los Reyes Correa, who was married to Estephania Rodríguez de Matos y Colón, died on June 9, 1758. Arecibo is known as the "Villa del Capitan Correa" (Captain Correa's Village), an honour bestowed by the people of the town. The people of Arecibo also honored Correa by including a gold colored belt in their Coat of Arms with the words "Muy Leal", which means "Very Loyal", in representation of Correa. On January 8, 2004, the Government of Puerto Rico approved public law #29 (P. de la C. 4029 LEY NUM. 29. 8 DE ENERO DE 2004) establishing August 5 as the Day of Antonio de los Reyes Correa. In the southern Puerto Rican city of Ponce a street was named after him. It runs from Barrio Segundo through Barrio Primero and ends in the northern portion of Barrio Canas Urbano at Avenida Las Américas.

See also
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Puerto Rican military personnel

Notes
References
External links
Captain CorreaSaryshevo (Russian: Сарышево) is a rural locality (a village) in Chebenlinsky Selsoviet, Alsheyevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 180 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.

Geography
Saryshevo is located 25 km south of Rayevsky (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tyubeteyevo is the nearest rural locality.


The International Law Commission (ILC) is a body of experts responsible for helping develop and codify international law. It is composed of 34 individuals recognized for their expertise and qualifications in international law, who are elected by the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) every five years.
The ideological roots of the ILC originated as early as the 19th century, when the Congress of Vienna in Europe developed several international rules and principles to regulate conduct among its members. Following several attempts to develop and rationalize international law in the early 20th century, the ILC was formed in 1947 by the UNGA pursuant to the Charter of the United Nations, which calls on the Assembly to help develop and systematize international law. The Commission held its first session in 1949, with its initial work influenced by the Second World War and subsequent concerns about international crimes such as genocide and acts of aggression.
The ILC has since held annual sessions at the U.N. Office at Geneva to discuss and debate various topics in international law and develop international legal principles accordingly. It is responsible for several foundational developments in international law, including the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, which establishes a framework for forming and interpreting treaties, and the International Criminal Court, the first permanent tribunal tasked with adjudicating offenses such as genocide and crimes against humanity.

Origin
Several attempts were made throughout history to codify international law. The work that led to the International Law Commission was begun in the Resolution of the Assembly of the League of Nations of 22 September 1924, which established the Committee of Experts for the Progressive Codification of International Law, consisting of 17 members, for the purpose of making recommendations as to which issues required to be addressed in international law and the steps desirable to that end. The Committee's work led to the League of Nations Codification Conference of 1930, which dealt mainly with the issues of nationality laws, territorial waters and state responsibility to damage caused to foreign nationals.
Many concepts of the 1930 conference were adopted in the Charter of the United Nations, which established the successor organization to the League. Article 13, Paragraph 1 therein states:

1. The General Assembly shall initiate studies and make recommendations for the purpose of: a. ... encouraging the progressive development of international law and its codification.

 
Pursuant to this provision, on December 11, 1946, the General Assembly passed Resolution 94, which called to establish a committee of legal experts to make recommendations to the UN Secretary-General on the ways the General Assembly could encourage the progressive development of international law and its codification. The committee of experts consisted of 17 members and convened from May 12 to June 17, 1947. It recommended to establish a permanent UN commission to promote these objectives.
On November 21, 1947, the UN General Assembly passed Resolution 174, which provided for the creation of an "International Law Commission" in order to fulfill the obligations of the Charter. To the resolution was attached the statute of the Commission, which defined its purposes as being:

Promoting the codification of international law.
Solving problems within both public and private international law.Working procedures for the Commission were elaborated in articles 16-26.

Working procedures of the ILC
The work of the Commission is regulated by its statute, which was initially approved by the General Assembly on November 21, 1947, and amended on December 12, 1950, December 3, 1955, and November 18, 1981.
It consists of 34 members (originally 15) who all must be experts on international law, elected to the position by the General Assembly from a list of candidates nominated by governments of member states in the UN. Members act as individuals and not as officials representing their respective states.
One venue of action for the commission in the codification of principles of international law is when requested to do so by the General Assembly. In that case, the commission appoints one of its members as Special Rapporteur on that subject and prepares a plan of work regarding the issue in question. Governments are requested to submit to the commission their written opinions on the issue in question, as specified in the plan of work. The rapporteur then writes a report of his or her recommendations on the subject under discussion and the report must be approved by the rest of the commission as well as by the UN Secretary-General before it becomes an official commission document. The commission then reconsiders the report after receiving additional written opinions from governments, and the report is being submitted to the General Assembly for approval.
Another venue of action is when the commission is requested either by a government, an inter-governmental organization or a UN agency to draft proposals for international conventions on various issues. In that case, the commission formulates a plan of work and receives written opinions from governments on the issue in question. The final draft is also submitted to the General Assembly.
The commission also works independently of external requests by its regular work of considering questions of international law. Also in these cases, all recommendations for actions are submitted to the General Assembly for final approval. The commission's independent deliberations usually take place in its annual sessions.

Annual sessions of the commission
The commission's main function since its establishment has been its annual sessions, starting from 1949. At first, the proceedings of these sessions were kept in a mimeograph form and were not available to the public, but on December 3, 1955, the General Assembly passed resolution 987, which required the publication of a summary of the proceedings of these meetings in a special yearbook designated for this purpose, and this in order to make the information available to both public and governments. For the 1st session, proceedings have been published in one volume, but starting from the 2nd session, proceedings have been published in two volumes – the first containing summary of the deliberations and the second containing documents adopted at that session.
At the beginning of each session, the commission elects one of its members to serve as its chairman until the next session.

1st session, 1949
The agenda for the first session was prepared by the General Assembly throughout 1947–1948. In resolution 177 (November 21, 1947), the Assembly charged the commission with formulating principles based on the judgement of the Nuremberg Tribunal and drafting a new code of offences against the peace of mankind. Resolution 178 (of the same day) charged the commission with preparing a document on the rights and duties of states in international law. Resolution of  260 (December 9, 1948) instructed the commission to consider the establishing of a criminal chamber within the International Court of Justice, for prosecuting political leaders guilty of crimes against international law.
Election of the 15 commission members by the General Assembly took place on November 3, 1948.
The 1st session of the commission was held in Lake Success, New York, US, from April 12 to June 9, 1949. The agenda for the session consisted of six items:

Making a general survey of topics of international law that require codification into treaties and conventions.
The rights and duties of states.
The Nuremberg Principles and the definition of crimes against the peace of mankind.
Possibility of establishing a judicial body to prosecute leaders guilty of genocide.
Finding ways to make the rules and documents of international law more available to the public and scholars.
Cooperation by the ILC with other UN agencies.At the very first meeting, US commission member Manley O. Hudson was elected chairman of the commission for the duration of that session, while the Soviet member Vladimir Koretsky was elected first vice-chairman and Indian member Benegal Rau was elected second vice-chairman.
During that session, disagreement arose between the members as to whether the commission was entitled to include a topic on its agenda without prior consent of the General Assembly. On this issue, the commission decided that it was competent to do so, by a vote of 10 to 3.Regarding the range of issues to be included in the agenda for codification of international law, the commission decided to start working on a limited number of subjects at first. For that reason, it was decided to exclude at the time the issue of laws of war from the commission's discussions. Highest priority was given to the topics of law of treaties, arbitration, and regime of the sea, and rapporteurs were elected accordingly.
Another topic under discussion was the declaration on the rights and duties of states. It was decided to exclude the issue of right of asylum from the proposed draft, and to discuss the matter further at the 2nd session.
Other issues postponed until the 2nd session were: 

The formulation of the Nuremberg Principles and the list of offenses against the peace of mankind.
The issue of universal criminal jurisdiction.
Making texts of international law more available.
Cooperation with governments and UN agencies.The commission approved a Draft Declaration on the Rights and Duties of States, which was the main legal document adopted at that session. A large portion of the work on this issue was done by the Panamanian representative Ricardo Joaquín Alfaro Jované. The draft declaration was referred to the General Assembly for further deliberations, but in its resolution 596 of December 7, 1951, the Assembly decided to postpone any further discussions on the document.
The commission also decided about the time and place of the 2nd session to be held. It was decided to hold it in Geneva, starting from May 1950, for a maximum period of 10 weeks.

2nd session, 1950
The 2nd session was held in Geneva from June 5 to July 29, 1950. The chairman of that session was Georges Scelle. The agenda and the final resolutions of the session were as follows:

Original Item: Report of the 1st session and the draft declaration on the rights and duties of states, both of which were now approved by the General Assembly - Decision: the commission took note of that without taking further action.
Original Item: The General Assembly recommendation to give priority to the issue of territorial waters - Decision: the commission accepted the recommendation.
Original Item: Formulation of the Nuremberg Principles and the draft code of crimes against the peace and security of mankind - Decision: the commission formulated a set of seven principles to be referred to as "Nuremberg Principles".
Original Item: The desirability and possibility of establishing an international court to try political leaders guilty of genocide - Decision: the commission passed resolutions to the effect that the creation of such a court was desirable and possible. However, the creation of such a court was postponed until further discussions.
Original Item: Law of treaties - Decision: the commission postponed decisions until further study.
Original Item: Arbitral procedure between states - Decision: the commission was unable to reach agreement on compulsory arbitration procedures, and the issue was postponed until further considerations.
Original Item: Regime of the high seas - Decision: the commission determined that every ship on the high seas must have only one nationality flag for identification purposes. However, it was unable to agree on the rest of the issues relating to the regime of the high seas.
Original Item: Ways of making texts of international law more available - Decision: the commission recommended that wide distribution be made of UN publications on international law and that the UN begin publications of documentary series on international tribunals and national laws and constitutions of various states. In addition, the commission recommended to the General Assembly to formulate an international convention to regulate the exchange of legal publications between governments.
Original Item: Right of asylum - Decision: the commission decided to postpone any deliberations on the subject, since the issue was under discussion by the International Court of Justice.
Original Item: Cooperation of the commission with other UN agencies, governments and other national and international organizations.
Original Item: Date and place of the 3rd session - Decision: the commission decided it shall be held in Geneva for a maximum period of 12 weeks starting from May 1951.The conduct of the 2nd session was influenced by the East-West rift resulting from the Cold War. Already at the first meeting of that session, the Soviet member Koretsky protested that the People's Republic of China was not represented on the commission, claiming it represented the Chinese people and not the Republic of China, now ruling in Taiwan only. He demanded the Chinese member of the commission be replaced by a member from mainland China. Commission chairman Scelle opposed the Soviet demand, claiming that each member represented his own legal views rather than any government position. The commission accepted Hudson's position by a vote of 10 to 1, and Koretsky in protest left the session without attending any further meetings. A letter of protest by the government of the People's Republic of China against the representation of Taiwan at the commission was presented to the commission on June 8, but no further action was taken in that regard.

3rd session, 1951
The 3rd session was held in Geneva from May 16 to July 27, 1951. The agenda of the session was as follows:

Item: General Assembly recommendations for revisions of the commission's statute - Decision: the commission made a partial report on the matter.
Item: The draft code of offenses against the peace of mankind - Decision: the commission formulated a draft.
Item: Duties of states in the event of the outbreak of hostilities - Decision: the commission decided to proceed with a definition of aggression in general terms.
Item: Law of treaties - Decision: the commission made a series of recommendations regarding the acceptance of reservations to multilateral treaties.
Item: Arbitral procedure.
Item: Regime of the high seas - Decision: the issue was postponed until further study.
Item: Date and place of the 4th session - Decision: the commission decided to hold the next session in Geneva for a period of ten weeks, starting from around June 1.
Item: Draft international convention or conventions for the elimination of statelessness - Decision: the issue was postponed until further study.
Item: Cooperation by the commission with other bodies - Decision: no definite decision was made.
Item: Development of a 20-year program for achieving peace through the United Nations - Decision: no definite decision was made.
Item: General Assembly comments on the report of the 2nd session.The conduct of the session was influenced by other international events, as the Syrian representative Faris El-Khouri was absent from the early meetings due to UN deliberations of Syrian complaints against Israel.

4th session, 1952
The 4th session was held in Geneva from June 4 to August 8, 1952.
Much of the session was dedicated to the issue of arbitral procedure, on which the commission adopted a preliminary draft, consisting of 32 articles.

5th session, 1953
The 5th session was held in Geneva from June 1 to August 14, 1953.
As was done at the opening meeting of the 2nd session, also at this session, the Soviet representative Feodor I. Kozhevnikov demanded to dismiss the representative of Taiwan and appoint a representative of the People's Republic of China in his place. The motion was denied this time as well, but the Soviet member did not walk out on the session as was done in 1950.
The commission began work on drafting a convention to reduce the problem of statelessness.

6th session, 1954
The 6th session was held in Paris from June 3 to July 28, 1954.
At the opening of the session, the chairman of UNESCO expressed greeting to the commission for holding a session at the seat of the organization.
The commission formulated a draft convention for the reduction of statelessness and a draft code of crimes against the peace of mankind.

7th session, 1955
The 7th session was held in Geneva from May 2 to July 8, 1955.
The commission adopted Provisional articles concerning the regime of the high seas. It also decided to request the UN Secretary General to start regular publication of the commission's sessions in order to make them available for the public. This decision led to General Assembly resolution 987, which paved the way to orderly publication of the commission's yearbook.

8th session, 1956
The 8th session was held in Geneva from April 23 to July 4, 1956.

9th session, 1957
The 9th session was held in Geneva from April 23 to June 28, 1957.

10th session, 1958
The 10th session was held in Geneva from April 28 to July 4, 1958.

11th session, 1959
The 11th session was held in Geneva from April 20 to June 26, 1959.

12th session, 1960
The 12th session was held in Geneva from April 25 to July 1, 1960.

13th session, 1961
The 13 session was held in Geneva from May 1 to July 7, 1961.

14th session, 1962
The 14th session was held in Geneva from April 24 to June 29, 1962.

15th session, 1963
The 15th session was held in Geneva from May 6 to July 12, 1963.

16th session, 1964
The 16th session was held in Geneva from May 11 to July 24, 1964.

17th session, 1965
The 17th session was held in two parts: in Geneva from May 3 to July 9, 1965, and in Monaco from January 3 to 28, 1966.

18th session, 1966
The 18th session was held in Geneva from May 4 to July 19, 1966.

19th session, 1967
The 19th session was held in Geneva from May 8 to July 14, 1967.

20th session, 1968
The 20th session was held in Geneva from May 27 to August 2, 1968.

21st session, 1969
The 21st session was held in Geneva from June 2 to August 8, 1969.

22nd session, 1970
The 22nd session was held in Geneva from May 4 to July 10, 1970.

23rd session, 1971
The 23rd session was held in Geneva from April 26 to July 30, 1971.

24th session, 1972
The 24th session was held in Geneva from May 2 to July 7, 1972.

25th session, 1973
The 25th session was held in Geneva from May 7 to July 13, 1973.

26th session, 1974
The 26th session was held in Geneva from May 6 to July 26, 1974.

27th session, 1975
The 27th session was held in Geneva from May 5 to July 25, 1975.

28th session, 1976
The 28th session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 23, 1976.

29th session, 1977
The 29th session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 29, 1977.

30th session, 1978
The 30th session was held in Geneva from May 8 to July 28, 1978.

31st session, 1979
The 31st session was held in Geneva from May 14 to August 3, 1979.

32nd session, 1980
The 32nd session was held in Geneva from May 5 to July 25, 1980.

33rd session, 1981
The 33rd session was held in Geneva from May 4 to July 24, 1981.

34th session, 1982
The 34th session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 23, 1982.

35th session, 1983
The 35th session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 22, 1983.

36th session, 1984
The 36th session was held in Geneva from May 7 to July 27, 1984.

37th session, 1985
The 37th session was held in Geneva from May 6 to July 26, 1985.

38th session, 1986
The 38th session was held in Geneva from May 5 to July 11, 1986.

39th session, 1987
The 39th session was held in Geneva from May 4 to July 17, 1987.

40th session, 1988
The 40th session was held in Geneva from May 9 to July 29, 1988.

41st session, 1989
The 41st session was held from in Geneva from May 2 to July 21, 1989.

42nd session, 1990
The 42nd session was held in Geneva from May 1 to July 20, 1990.

43rd session, 1991
The 43rd session was held in Geneva from April 29 to July 19, 1991.

44th session, 1992
The 44th session was held in Geneva from May 4 to July 24, 1992.

45th session, 1993
The 45th session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 23, 1993.

46th session, 1994
The 46th session was held in Geneva from May 2 to July 22, 1994.

47th session, 1995
The 47th session was held in Geneva from May 2 to July 21, 1995.

48th session, 1996
The 48th session was held in Geneva from May 6 to July 26, 1996.

49th session, 1997
The 49th session was held in Geneva from May 12 to July 18, 1997.

50th session, 1998
The 50th session was held in two parts: in Geneva from April 27 to June 12 and in New York from July 27 to August 14, 1998.

51st session, 1999
The 51st session was held in Geneva from May 3 to July 23, 1999.

52nd session, 2000
The 52nd session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 1 to June 9 and from July 10 to August 18, 2000.

53rd session, 2001
The 53rd session was held in Geneva in two parts from April 23 to June 1 and from July 2 to August 10, 2001.

54th session, 2002
The 54th session was held in Geneva in two parts from April 29 to June 7 and from July 22 to August 16, 2002.

55th session, 2003
The 55th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 5 to June 6 and from July 7 to August 8, 2003.

56th session, 2004
The 56th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 3 to June 4 and from July 5 to August 6, 2004.

57th session, 2005
The 57th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 2 to June 3 and from July 11 to August 5, 2005.

58th session, 2006
The 58th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 1 to June 9 and from July 3 to August 11, 2006.

59th session, 2007
The 59th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 7 to June 8 and from July 9 to August 10, 2007.

60th session, 2008
The 60th session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 5 to June 6 and from July 7 to August 8, 2008.

61st session, 2009
The 61st session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 4 to June 5 and from July 6 to August 7, 2009.

62nd session, 2010
The 62nd session was held in Geneva in two parts from May 3 to June 4 and from July 5 to August 6, 2010.

63rd session, 2011
The 63rd session was held in Geneva in two parts from April 26 to June 3 and from July 4 to August 12, 2011.

Achievements
The International Law Commission's work has led to the creation of a number of treaties and other works of international law that are key to the present international legal order (see generally [1]), for example:

The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties
The Vienna Convention on Succession of States in respect of Treaties
The Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations
The Draft Articles on the Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts
The International Criminal Court, first proposed in December 1948 at the request of the UN General Assembly.

Criticism
One of the problems regarding the work of the commission is the capability of governments to ignore its conclusions and refrain from accepting its recommendations when formulating conventions. At the 63rd meeting on July 7, 1950, chairman Georges Scelle complained that governments tended to ignore questions addressed to them by the commission out of lack of interest in its work.One criticism sounded about the work of the commission is that the brevity of its annual sessions (10 to 12 weeks) does not allow thorough study of the problems under discussion. Already at the 83 meeting of the commission, held on May 17, 1951, commission member Georges Scelle suggested the only way to fix the problem was by reforming the commission so that it would meet more often and whenever the Secretary General desired so.Another criticism sounded already at the early history of the commission was made by Colombian delegate Jose Maria Yepes that the commission refrained from formulating principles on new issues and thus presents itself as incompetent.

See also
United Nations Office of Legal Affairs
United Nations General Assembly Sixth Committee (Legal)

References
Further reading
Shabtai Rosenne, "The International Law Commission 1940-59", British Yearbook of International Law, vol. 36 (1960)
H.W. Briggs, The International Law Commission (Ithaca, New York, Cornell University Press, 1965)
James Crawford, The International Law Commission's Articles on State Responsibility: Introduction, Text and Commentary (Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 2002)
Georg Nolte (Ed.), Peace through International Law: The Role of the International Law Commission. A Colloquium at the Occasion of its Sixtieth Anniversary (Berlin, 2009)
Jeffrey S. Morton, The International Law Commission of the United Nations
Stephan Wittich, "The International Law Commission's Articles on the Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts Adopted on Second Reading" Leiden Journal of International Law 15(2002) pp. 891–919

External links
International Law Commission (official site)
Statute of the International Law Commission 1947
Membership
Annual Sessions
Annual Reports
Yearbook of the International Law Commission
Analytical Guide to the Work of the International Law Commission 
Introductory note by Michael Wood, procedural history note and audiovisual material on the Statute of the International Law Commission in the Historic Archives of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Lecture entitled The Work of the International Law Commission on the "Most-Favoured-Nation" Clause by Donald M. McRae in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Lecture entitled The International Law Commission's Articles on State Responsibility: Past and Future by James Crawford in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
United Nations Documents on the Development and Codification of International Law, 1947
Gabriel E. Eckstein, "Commentary on the UN International Law Commission’s Draft Articles on the Law of Transboundary Aquifers" Colorado Journal of International Environmental Law & Policy Vol. 18 (2007)
Kyoji Kawasaki, "The "Injured State" in the International Law of State Responsibility" Hitotsubashi Journal of Law and Politics, vol. 28 (2002) pp. 17-31
Role Of the International Law Commission in the Development of International Law- Focus on State Responsibility
J. Benton Heath, "Disasters, Relief, and Neglect: The Duty to Accept Humanitarian Assistance and the Work of the International Law Commission" New York University Journal of International Law & Politics, vol. 43 (2011) pp. 419-477
Bibliographies on the topics of the ILC (UNOG Library)Tekkali Assembly constituency is a constituency in Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh. It is one of the seven assembly segments of Srikakulam (Lok Sabha constituency), along with Ichchapuram, Palasa, Pathapatnam, Srikakulam, Amadalavalasa and Narasannapeta. As of 25 March 2019, there a total of 222,222 electors in the constituency. In 2019 state assembly election, Kinjarapu Atchannaidu was elected as the MLA of the constituency, representing the Telugu Desam Party.

Overview
Constituency Details of Tekkali (Assembly constituency):
Country: India.
State: Andhra Pradesh.
District: Srikakulam district.
Region: Coastal Andhra.
Seat: Unreserved.
Eligible Electors as per 2019 General Elections: 2,22,222 Eligible Electors. Male Electors: 1,12,093. Female Electors:1,10,110.

Mandals
The four mandals that form the assembly constituency are Nandigam, Tekkali, Santhabommali and Kotabommali.

Members of Legislative Assembly
Following is the list of members who got elected from Tekkali (Assembly constituency) to the Andhra Pradesh Legislature till date.

Election results
Assembly elections 1952
Assembly elections 2004
Assembly elections 2009
Assembly elections 2014
Assembly elections 2019
See also
List of constituencies of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly


Haida Nation v British Columbia (Minister of Forests), [2004] 3 S.C.R. 511 is the leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the Crown duty to consult Aboriginal groups prior to exploiting lands to which they may have claims.

Background
In 1961 the provincial government of British Columbia issued a "Tree Farm Licence" (TFL 39) over an area of land to which the Haida Nation claimed title. This title had not yet been recognized at law. The Haida Nation also claimed an Aboriginal right to harvest red cedar in that area. In 1981, 1995, and 2000 the Minister replaced TFL 39; in 1999 the Minister authorized a transfer to Weyerhauser Co. These actions were performed unilaterally, without consent from or consultation with the Haida Nation. The Haida Nation brought a suit, requesting that the replacement and transfer be set aside.
The chambers judge found that the Crown was under a moral – but not legal – duty to negotiate with the Haida Nation. The British Columbia Court of Appeal reversed this decision, deciding that both the Crown and Weyerhauser Co. are under legal obligations to consult with Aboriginal groups whose interests may be affected.

Judgment of the Court
Chief Justice McLachlin, writing for a unanimous court, found that the Crown has a "duty to consult with Aboriginal peoples and accommodate their interests". This duty is grounded in the honour of the Crown, and applies even where title has not been proven. The scope of this duty will vary with the circumstances; the duty will escalate proportionately to the strength of the claim for a right or title and the seriousness of the potential effect upon the claimed right or title. However, regardless of what the scope of the duty is determined to be, consultation must always be meaningful.
Where there is a strong prima facie case for the claim and the adverse effects of the government's proposed actions impact it in a significant (and adverse) way, the government may be required to accommodate. This may require taking steps to avoid irreparable harm or minimize the effects of the infringement.
Both sides are required to act in good faith throughout the process. The Crown must intend to substantially address the concerns of the Aboriginal group through meaningful consultation, and the Aboriginal group must not attempt to frustrate that effort or take unreasonable positions to thwart it.
On the facts of the case, the Court found that the Haida Nation's claims of title and an Aboriginal right were strong, and that the government's actions could have a serious impact on the claimed right and title. Accordingly, the Crown had a duty to consult the Haida Nation, and likely had a duty to accommodate their interests.
The Crown's duty of good-faith consultation does not extend to third parties, and cannot be delegated to them by the Crown. This is not to say that third parties cannot be liable to Aboriginal groups in negligence, or for dealing with them dishonestly. However, it does mean that the legal obligation of consultation and accommodation is shouldered exclusively by the Crown.
Accordingly, the Crown's appeal was dismissed and Weyerhauser Co.'s appeal was allowed.

References
Further reading
Aboriginal land title in Canada

External links
Full text of Supreme Court decision from canlii.orgUlundurpet is a Taluk located in the southern region of Kallakurichi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town of Ulundurpet is the taluk headquarters.

Demographics
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Ulundurpet had a population of 369,357 with 186,410  males and 182,947 females. There were 981 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 60.38. Child population in the age group below 6 was 23,270 Males and 21,734 Females.

See also
Parrikal


Carl Steinfort (born 1 April 1977) is an Australian rules footballer who played for both the Geelong (1996–2000) and Collingwood (2001–2002) football clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).

Geelong career
Steinfort had a solid five-year stint at Geelong, where at one stage he was regarded as one of the premier run with players in the competition, and was highly regarded by teammates and supporters. Unfortunately his appearances were sometimes limited through injury. His most memorable games included winning an AFL Rising Star nomination in 1997 and his tagging job on Collingwood captain Nathan Buckley in the Cats round 12 defeat of the Magpies.

Collingwood career
Along with other experienced players, including Jarrod Molloy, James Clement, Brodie Holland, Shane Wakelin and Chad Rintoul, Steinfort arrived at Victoria Park in season 2001. After a consistent beginning to the year, Steinfort's form dwindled later in the season, failing to register double-figured possessions after the round 17 defeat of Fremantle at Subiaco Oval.
The following season was to be Steinfort's last at the club, and at league level. With the Magpies younger players developing quickly, Steinfort's opportunities were limited. Aside from a solid performance against Essendon on Anzac Day, it appeared the journeyman's career was coming to a close. Collingwood coach Mick Malthouse surprised all when he named Steinfort in the team to face Port Adelaide at AAMI Stadium in the Qualifying Final, and he performed well, gathering a season-high 18 disposals and scored a goal, as the Magpies trumped a shellshocked Power outfit. Steinfort's September purple-patch continued into the remainder of the finals series, first playing a serviceable role in the side's win over Adelaide in the Preliminary Final, before successfully curtailing the influence of the dangerous Des Headland in the 2002 AFL Grand Final, however his team still lost.
Surprisingly, it was to be Steinfort's final match, retiring after he was told by Malthouse that he could expect a struggle to play the majority of the following season in the senior side, his retirement paving the way for Murray Bushrangers youngster Luke Mullins to be selected by the club in the 2003 Pre-Season Draft.
Since retiring Steinfort, a qualified accountant, has worked for various charities, including SurfAid International and along with his wife, has set up an orphanage in Kathmandu, Nepal.

References
External links
Carl Steinfort's playing statistics from AFL TablesMinmose was overseer of priests of Month, lord of Thebes and the overseer of works in all temples of Upper and Lower Egypt for the Egyptian pharaohs Thutmose III and Amenhotep II. He took part in expeditions to Syria, during Thutmose's eighth campaign, as well as Nubia and, as commander of the elite forces, in Takhsy—a territory located between Damascus and Canaan. The expedition into Takhsy was likely related to Amenhotep II's campaign.

History
In addition to overseeing the construction of many temples, Minmose collected taxes in Retenu, and in Nubia during Thutmose's Nubian campaign in the 49th year of the pharaoh's reign. He lived in the 15th century BC.
He is known from several statues found all over Egypt.

Notes
Bibliography
Alan Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs. pp. 197–199. Oxford University Press, 1964.
Donald Bruce Redford, The Wars in Syria and Palestine of Thutmose III,  Brill Academic Publishers 2003South Arch volcanic field is an underwater volcanic field south of Hawaiʻi Island. It was active during the last 10,000 years, and covers an area of 35 by 50 kilometres (22 mi × 31 mi) at a depth of 4,950 metres (16,240 ft).
Although the field is related to the Hawaiian hotspot, it does not appear to be a precursory volcano, but seems to have formed when the weight of the growing Hawaiian volcanoes caused the oceanic crust to buckle, opening up pathways for magma to ascend in front of the hotspot.

Geomorphology
The volcanic field lies about 200 kilometres (120 mi) south from Hawaiʻi Island, at a depth of around 4,950 metres (16,240 ft) below sea level. It covers an area of 35 by 50 kilometres (22 mi × 31 mi). It consists of several metres thick lava flows that are surrounded by sediment-covered seafloor mainly to the north and east and by clusters of Cretaceous seamounts mainly to the west and southwest.In sidescan sonar images, young lava flows have a bright appearance while older ones are covered by sediments and thus appear darker, and structures identified as lava coils, lava rubble, lava tumuli, pillow lavas, polygons and sheet flows have been observed on young flows. The lava flows have buried the pre-existent seafloor topography, smoothening it, and in one place a flow front rises about 10 metres (33 ft) from the seafloor. The lava flows erupted in the South Arch volcanic field were probably fluid and were produced at high rates. There is no evidence for the presence of a magma chamber at the South Arch volcanic field.

Geology
The volcanic field is located on the crest of the Hawaiian Arch, an area of Cretaceous seafloor around Hawaii which has buckled under the weight of the Hawaiian volcanoes, causing uplift and volcanic activity where the crust has broken up, allowing magma to rise to the surface. The presence of older seamounts in the area of the South Arch volcanic field may have influenced the onset of volcanism in the field. Such eccentric volcanism has also been inferred at other hotspots.The South Arch volcanic field is not the only volcanic system on the Arch, there is also the much larger North Arch volcanic field north of Oahu and small lava flows at the foot of Pensacola Seamount southwest from Hawaiʻi Island. Together these volcanic fields have a larger surface than the islands of Hawaii and expand the area affected by Hawaiian volcanism to over 500 kilometres (310 mi) width; they have been called "peripheral lavas" of the Hawaii hotspot. The South Arch volcanic field is located upstream of the Hawaiian hotspot and has been described as "precursory" although it does not appear to be an early stage of a typical Hawaiian shield volcano.

Composition
Dredging has yielded basaltic rocks which define alkali basalt and basanite suites. The flows contain phenocrysts of clinopyroxene, iddingsite, olivine, plagioclase and sometimes spinel. Lava flows are covered by manganese crusts less than 0.15 millimetres (0.0059 in) thick. They often display traces of alteration and formation of glasses such as palagonite. Some dredge samples might come from neighbouring Cretaceous seamounts rather than the South Arch volcanic field, however.The alkalic composition of the lavas resembles that of rejuvenated stage volcanics on Kauai, that of preshield volcanics at Loihi and that of the North Arch volcanic field; they share with the latter a high ratio of helium-3/helium-4 and a high carbon dioxide content. Mixing between mantle plume melts of the Hawaiian hotspot and components typical of mid-ocean ridge basalts may have given rise to the volcanics of the South Arch volcanic field, with metasomatism involved as well. The magmas of the South Arch volcanic field appear to have been unusually water-rich, perhaps because of an early melting of water-rich mantle.

Eruption and research history
The field appears to consist of some central younger lava flows which are surrounded by older lava flow fields. Based on the thickness of manganese, palagonite and sediment cover on lava flows, it appears that younger flows are 10,000–1,000 years old, while the older flows may be over 10,000–100,000 years old; in general the thickness of manganese crusts is comparable to these found on Mauna Loa, Kilauea and Loihi rocks. Another age range cited in the literature is 14,000–20,000 years ago. It is possible that magma ascended to the surface mainly in areas where the lithosphere has anomalous properties and is more likely to crack rather than to flex; this would explain why the vents of the South Arch volcanic field coincide with Cretaceous seamounts.The South Arch volcanic field was discovered in 1986 through GLORIA sidescan sonar imaging and dredged in 1988. Another investigation by the Kaikō remotely operated underwater vehicle took place in 2001; in general the field has been explored by dredging, remotely operated underwater vehicle and submersible.

References


=== Sources ===Apterocyclus palmatus is a species of stag beetle in the family Lucanidae. It is found on the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.Five specimens of Apterocyclus palmatus were found on the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands in 1919, at an elevation of 4,000 feet. They were originally described as a subspecies of Apterocyclus honoluluensis, but are now considered a separate species. No specimens have recently been discovered, and the species may now be extinct.Apterocyclus palmatus are 22–23 mm in length, and are identified by their long mandibles that have no internal teeth, and the distinctive shape of their front tibia.

References
Further reading


== External links ==These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1970.

See also
1970 in music


"Certified" is a song by American rapper Glasses Malone, released as the first single from his third studio album, Beach Cruiser. The track is produced by DJ Toomp and features Akon.
West coast artists such as Jay Rock, E-40, and Mack 10 make cameos in the music video. The music video premiered on BET's 106 & Park on March 4, 2008.
The remix features Kam, Bun B and Lil Wayne.
Another remix by artists signed to Malone's record label Blu Division featuring Conflict, Quiz, The Bloc Boyz, K-Style, Roc Slanga and Akon.

Chart positions


Paul Conroy (born 22 May 1989) is a Gaelic footballer who plays at senior level for the Galway county team. Conroy was captain of the All-Ireland winning Minor team in 2007 when they narrowly defeated Derry. Conroy made his Senior championship debut against Roscommon and scored finished the game with a tally of 0–6.Conroy won an Galway Intermediate Club Championship with St James' in 2010 and followed that up with a Connacht title.He played twice for Ireland against Australia in the 2013 International Rules Series.Conroy was named as Galway captain for the 2014 season.

Honours
St James'^Galway Minor Football Championships (2): 2006, 2007,

Galway Intermediate Football Championship (1): 2010
Connacht Intermediate Club Football Championship (1): 2010GalwayConnacht Minor Football Championship (1): 2007
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship (1): 2007
Connacht Senior Football Championship (2): 2008, 2016, 2018
National Football League, Division 2 (1): 2017


"No Such Thing as a Broken Heart" is a song recorded by American country music group Old Dominion. It was released for sale on March 10, 2017, and to radio on March 20, 2017 as the first single from their 2017 album Happy Endings. The song became the group's third number one hit on the US Billboard Country Airplay chart. It also peaked at numbers 4 and 46 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs and Hot 100 charts respectively. It garnered similar chart success in Canada, reaching number 2 on the Canada Country chart and number 79 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart. The song was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and has sold 247,000 copies in the United States as of September 2017. The song also received a Platinum certification from Music Canada, denoting sales of over 80,000 units in that country.

Background
Group members Matthew Ramsey, Trevor Rosen, and Brad Tursi wrote the song with RCA's Jesse Frasure, and Shane McAnally produced it. The song is described by Nash Country Daily as being "about facing the world head-on and not letting life get you down." Its lyrics contains a reference to John Mellencamp's 1982 single "Jack & Diane"  – the song opens with line "I wonder if Jack and Diane ever made it".

Music video
The music video was directed by Steve Condon and premiered on CMT, GAC, and Vevo in May 2017. In the video, the band are portrayed as video game heroes as they rise up the country music ladder. Along the way, they score points for good deeds, flee from rabid fans, and drop a nod to Nintendo game Duck Hunt. In each game Ramsey sings into a microphone.

Commercial performance
"No Such Thing as a Broken Heart" was first released for sale on March 10, 2017 and sold 15,000 copies in its first week of release. It debuted at number 31 on Country Airplay for chart dated March 25, 2017, and entered the Hot Country Songs chart at number 26 the following week. On the week of June 17, 2017, the song debuted at number 90 on the Hot 100, peaked at number 46 the week of September 16, and stayed on the chart for nineteen weeks. It has sold 247,000 copies in the US as of September 2017. It was certified Platinum on August 22, 2018.In Canada, the song debuted at number 89 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart dated June 24, 2017, peaked at number 79 the week of August 19, and remained on the chart for fourteen weeks. It garnered Platinum certification from Music Canada on January 31, 2018.

Live performances
On May 9, 2017, the band performed the song at the Grand Ole Opry.The group also performed the song at the 2017 Academy of Country Music Awards.

Charts and certifications


Benjamin William White (born 8 October 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Arsenal and the England national team.
White began his senior club career at age 18 in 2016 with Brighton & Hove Albion; he joined Newport County, Peterborough United, and Leeds United on successive loans between 2016 and 2019. He subsequently played in the four professional English leagues, and won the Championship with Leeds. After a season with Brighton, White was the subject of a club record association football transfer when he signed for Arsenal in 2021 in a transfer worth up to £50 million, becoming their most expensive defender.
White made his senior international debut for England in 2021 at the age of 23, and was selected as part of the 26-man squad for UEFA Euro 2020.

Club career
Brighton & Hove Albion
Born in Poole, Dorset, White started his youth career at Premier League club Southampton before being released at the age of 16. He was signed by Brighton & Hove Albion where he initially joined their academy.For the first league match of the 2016–17 season on 6 August 2016, White was an unused substitute in a 0–0 draw away to Derby County. White made his professional football debut three days later on 9 August, playing the entire game of the first round EFL Cup match in a 4–0 home victory over Colchester United. White continued to be an unused substitute in the next three league games against Nottingham Forest, Rotherham United and Reading. His second start for Brighton came in the next round of the EFL Cup again playing the whole match away against Oxford United on 23 August, where Brighton won 4–2. White was once again an unused substitute on 18 March 2017, this time against Leeds United. White also appeared 3 times during the EFL Trophy before Brighton U21s were eliminated in round three by Coventry City.After being linked with a move to Tottenham Hotspur after initially rejecting a new contract offer at Brighton, White did sign a new long-term contract extension at Brighton in April 2018. At the start of the 2018–19 season, then-Brighton manager Chris Hughton stated that White would be the club's fourth-choice centre-back behind Lewis Dunk, Shane Duffy and Leon Balogun. White however was a regular for Brighton U23s. On 26 November 2018, he set up three goals in the Premier League 2 Division 1 to help Brighton U23s to come from 2–0 down to win 3–2 against Swansea City U23s. White made the bench for the Premier League for the first time on 8 December 2018, where Brighton lost 1–0 away to Burnley. White remained an unused substitute.Following months of speculation regarding his future, including Brighton rejecting three permanent bids for White from Leeds, White signed a new four-year contract with Brighton on 1 September 2020. On the opening day of the 2020–21 season, White made his league debut for Brighton, in what was also his Premier League debut, in a 3–1 home loss against Chelsea where he went off injured. He helped Brighton keep a clean sheet in their next league match, a 3–0 away win at Newcastle on 20 September. White played in Brighton's FA Cup third round penalty shoot-out victory over his former club Newport on 10 January 2021.White played in Brighton's 1–0 away victory over defending champions Liverpool on 3 February claiming their first league win at Anfield since 1982. On 20 April, after a strong performance, White was sent off after a second bookable offence in the 90+2-minute, in a game where he helped Brighton earn their first ever point at Chelsea in a 0–0 draw. He played in Brighton's 3–2 home victory over champions Manchester City after coming back from 2–0 down on 18 May, with fans returning to football. This was their first league victory against City since 1989. After a strong season breaking into the first team White picked up the Player Of The Season award on 6 June, on the same day as his first England start.

Loan to Newport County
On 1 August 2017, White signed for League Two club Newport County on loan until the end of the 2017–18 season in what was described by manager Michael Flynn as a "big coup for the club." White made his debut for Newport on 8 August 2017 in a 2–0 victory over Southend United in the first round of the EFL Cup. He made his Football League debut on 12 August 2017 in a 1–1 draw versus Crewe Alexandra. White scored his first Football League goal on 21 November 2017 for Newport against Barnet in a 2–1 home defeat.On 7 January 2018, White started for Newport in a 2–1 home win over Championship club Leeds United in the FA Cup third round, which meant Newport progressed to the FA Cup fourth round for the first time since the 1978–79 FA Cup. In the following round, Newport were drawn at home to Premier League team Tottenham Hotspur. On 27 January 2018, White started the match as Newport drew 1–1 to force a replay at Tottenham's temporary home ground Wembley Stadium, with White praised for his performance against Harry Kane.On 15 March 2018, White won the South Wales Argus Player of the Year Award for Newport for the 2017–18 season. At the awards ceremony, manager Michael Flynn described White as "the best loan signing the club has ever made."

Loan to Peterborough United
On 3 January 2019, White signed for League One club Peterborough United on loan until the end of the season. He made his debut for Peterborough on 5 January 2019 in a 5–0 away loss to Middlesbrough in the third round of the FA Cup. White's first match at the London Road Stadium was also his first League One appearance where he came on in the 88th minute to replace Joe Ward in a 2–1 victory over Rochdale on 12 January.White scored his first goal for Peterborough – and first in League One – scoring the second goal in a 2–0 home win over Southend United on 23 March 2019. White played in the final game of the season where Peterborough won 3–1 at home to Burton Albion. However, with Doncaster Rovers winning their match, The Posh just missed out on a play-off spot. White finished his loan spell making 16 appearances in all competitions, scoring once.

Loan to Leeds United
On 1 July 2019, White signed for Championship club Leeds United on loan until the end of the season. On the same day, White signed a new one-year contract extension at Brighton. He was given the number 5 shirt ahead of the 2019–20 season, and made his debut on 4 August in Leeds' opening day 3–1 victory against Bristol City.On 4 September 2019, after impressive performances during the month of August, White won the Championship PFA Player of the Month award for August 2019. In November 2019, it was reported that White was being scouted by Premier League club Liverpool, with Brighton head coach Graham Potter advising that White wouldn't be recalled from Leeds and that his future would be at Brighton at the end of his loan spell.On 23 December 2019, after continuing his form, White won the Championship Best Young Player award, as voted by Sky Sports readers. White was watched by England manager Gareth Southgate in January 2020, with Southgate also scouting White's team-mate Kalvin Phillips.White played in all 46 league games (and all 49 overall) as Leeds were promoted to the Premier League as league champions. He scored his only goal for Leeds in the last game of his loan spell in a 4–0 victory against Charlton Athletic, which was ultimately voted Goal of the Month for July 2020. Following the conclusion of his loan, White won the Leeds Young Player of the season award and the Yorkshire Evening Post award for Player of the season for 2019–20.On 8 September 2020, White was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the 2019–20 Championship.

Arsenal
On 30 July 2021, White signed for Premier League club Arsenal for £50 million. He made his debut on 13 August, in the opening game of the 2021–22 Premier League season, starting and playing the whole of the 2–0 defeat at Premier League newcomers Brentford. White missed Arsenal's next match on 22 August, a home fixture against London rivals Chelsea, due to a positive COVID-19 test. He eventually made his home debut at the Emirates Stadium after returning on 11 September, helping keep a clean sheet in a 1–0 victory over Norwich City for the club's first league win of the season.White played in his first North London derby against Tottenham Hotspur on 26 September, he played the whole match where The Gunners took all three points in the 3–1 home victory. On 2 October, White made his first return to Falmer Stadium since leaving Brighton where he started and played the full match for The Gunners in the 0–0 draw with his former club.

International career
On 25 May 2021, White was named in England's provisional 33-man squad for UEFA Euro 2020, with the tournament taking place in the summer of 2021 due to the previous year's postponement as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This was White's first ever call-up to the national team at any level. He was one of seven players cut from the squad on 1 June, although the players who were cut remained in the squad for the two warm up games against Austria and Romania. White made his England debut coming on as a substitute, replacing Jack Grealish in the 1–0 victory over Austria at the Riverside Stadium on 2 June. He cleared a shot from Alessandro Schöpf off the line, preventing a late equaliser. He became the fifth Brighton player to play for England, and the second in just under three years after Albion team mate and captain Lewis Dunk was capped in November 2018. He made his first start in the second and final warm up match on 6 June, playing the whole match in the 1–0 victory over Romania, again played at the Riverside Stadium. On 7 June, White was named in the 26-man squad for Euro 2020 as a replacement for the injured Trent Alexander-Arnold. White remained unused in the tournament where England finished as runners-up in the Championships. However, Southgate praised the players who made no appearances saying, "they are the ones making this team successful."

Style of play
White is known as a ball playing centre-back with good technical ability and was also praised by former manager Michael Flynn for his tough tackling style, White can also play as a defensive midfielder or as a right-back. White describes his own style as a "cool" and "calm" player. White is also known for his surging forward runs with the ball helping create quick counterattacks from deep.

Career statistics
Club
As of match played 6 March 2022

International
As of match played 6 June 2021

Honours
Leeds United

EFL Championship: 2019–20England

UEFA European Championship runner-up: 2020Individual

EFL Championship PFA Player of the Month: August 2019
EFL Championship Goal of the Month: July 2020
PFA Team of the Year: 2019–20 Championship
Newport County Player of the Year Award: 2017–18
Leeds United Young Player of the Season: 2019–20
Brighton & Hove Albion Player of the Season: 2020–21

References
External links
Profile at the Arsenal F.C. website
Profile at the Football Association website
Benjamin White – UEFA competition record (archive)The meridian gecko (Coleodactylus meridionalis) is a species of lizard in the family Sphaerodactylidae. The species is endemic to Brazil.

Geographic range
C. meridionalis has been recorded from the Brazilian states of Bahia, Ceará, Pará, Paraíba, Pernambuco, and Sergipe.

Description
C. meridionalis may attain a snout-to-vent length (SVL) of 28 mm (1.1 in). The pupil of the eye is round.

Behavior
C. meridionalis is diurnal.

Reproduction
C. meridionalis is oviparous.

As prey
C. meridionalis is preyed upon by the spider Parabatinga brevipes.

References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1888). "On some Reptiles and Batrachians from Iguarasse, Pernambuco". Annals and Magazine of Natural History, Eighth Series 2: 40–43. (Sphaerodactylus meridionalis, new species, pp. 40–41).
Parker HM (1926). "The Neotropical Lizards of the Genera Lepidoblepharis, Pseudogonatodes, Lanthrogecko, and Sphaerodactylus, with the Description of a new Genus". Ann. Mag. Nat. Hist., Ninth Series 17: 291–301. (Coleodactylus meridionalis, new combination, p. 300).Melvin Whitfield Carter III (born January 8, 1979) is an American politician and member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party who has served as mayor of Saint Paul, Minnesota, since 2018. Elected to his first term in 2017, Carter is the 55th mayor of St. Paul and its first African American mayor.

Early life and education
Carter was born in St. Paul's Rondo Neighborhood. He is the son of Melvin Whitfield Carter Jr., a retired St. Paul police officer, and Toni Carter, a Ramsey County commissioner. Carter is a fourth-generation St. Paulite. He is a graduate of Saint Paul Central High School and was an UMTYMP (University of Minnesota Talented Youth in Mathematics Program) student through junior high and high school. He earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Florida A&M University. During his time at FAMU, Carter became a brother of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He earned a Master of Public Policy from the Humphrey School of Public Affairs of the University of Minnesota.

Career
Before his election as mayor, Carter served as a Saint Paul City Council member from 2008 to 2013 and vice chair of the council.
He also served as founding board chair of the Saint Paul Promise Neighborhood, director of the Minnesota Office of Early Learning, and executive director of the Minnesota Children's Cabinet, advising former Governor Mark Dayton on early childhood policy. He also was an adjunct faculty member at University of Minnesota-Duluth, teaching graduate-level classes on campaigns and elections.

Mayor of St. Paul
During his tenure as mayor, Carter was instrumental in raising the city's minimum wage to $15 per hour. He also established the Office of Financial Empowerment. He launched CollegeBound Saint Paul, the city's college savings account program, and the People's Prosperity Pilot, a guaranteed income program that gives 150 families $500 per month for 18 months.Carter also served on the steering committee of the Mayors National Climate Action Agenda, a consortium of American mayors advocating for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. In 2019, he reestablished the Affordable Housing Trust Fund. He managed revitalization efforts of the St. Paul riverfront, and the "Ford Site", the location of a former Ford Motor Company assembly plant in Highland Park, is being redeveloped into a mixed-use housing and retail center. Carter eliminated the practice of collecting late fees in St. Paul public libraries and spearheaded the Families First Housing Pilot program.

Personal life
Carter still resides in Rondo, where he was raised, along with his wife, Sakeena Futrell-Carter, and their children. He is a cousin of professional football player Kenjon Barner.

Elections
References
External links
 Media related to Melvin Carter (politician) at Wikimedia Commons
Official mayoral website
Appearances on C-SPANDarevskia armeniaca,  commonly known as the Armenian lizard or the Armenian rock lizard, is a parthenogenetic (unisexually breeding) species (or form) of Darevskia, a genus of lizards belonging to the family Lacertidae, the wall lizards. Darevskia armeniaca is native to the Armenian Highland.

Geographic range
It is found in northeastern Turkey, northern and northwestern Armenia, southern Georgia, and western Azerbaijan.

Gallery
References
Further reading
Méhelÿ, Lajos von. 1909. Materialien zu einer Systematik und Phylogenie der muralis-änlichen Lacerten. Annales historico-naturales Musei nationalis Hungarici, Budapest 7 (2): 409–621. (Lacerta saxicola armeniaca, n. subsp., pp. 549–555).Corypha lecomtei is a species of plant in the family Arecaceae. It is only growing in Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss.Corypha lecomtei is one of the species used to make palm-leaf manuscripts.

Description
This palm species has a trunk 3.5–4 metres (11–13 ft) high, and the leaves are even larger, with petioles up to 8 metres (26 ft) long and the leaf blade of  3.5–4 metres (11–13 ft) in length. The plant flowers and fruits only once, at between 15 and 30 years of age, and then dies.

References

Corypha lecomtei. [1].Naved Ahmed (born 22 April 1971) is a former Pakistani cricketer. A right-handed top-order batsman, his career for Islamabad spanned from 1993 to 2001, and included a number of matches as captain.
Born in Islamabad, Naved played at under-19 level for Islamabad, and in January 1992 scored 45 against the touring English under-19 side. He made his senior Wills Cup debut in October 1993, against Rawalpindi. On his first-class debut the following season, against Lahore City in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy, Naved made a first-innings duck, and was one of nine batsman to fall to Naved Anjum (who finished with 9/35). In the second innings he was out to Test bowler Abdul Qadir for one run. During the 1995–96 Wills Cup season, Naved was appointed captain for all three of Islamabad's matches, despite being only 24 and having played only one prior match in the format. He first became a regular for Islamabad during the 1996–97 season, when his seven Quaid-i-Azam matches yielded 223 runs (the sixth-best return for his team). His season included a maiden first-class half-century, 72 against Lahore City, and also a maiden limited-overs half-century, a man of the match 69 against Peshawar in the Wills Cup.Naved also had a successful 1998–99 season, entrenching himself as one of Islamabad's opening batsmen. Against Khan Research Labs in the Tissot Cup (the renamed Wills Cup), he scored the only century of his career, finishing with 120 from 121 balls as Islamabad successfully chased a target of 321. In the Quaid-i-Azam, he played eight out of nine possible matches, and finished with 244 runs, including two half-centuries. Naved also made his first-class captaincy debut, captaining Islamabad in three consecutive matches late in the season. The following season, he briefly captained Islamabad in both formats, but was later dropped from the side altogether as his form deteriorated. However, he did take career-best bowling figures against the Karachi Blues in one Quaid-e-Azam match, finishing with 2/22 bowling right-arm leg spin. The 2000–01 season was Naved's last at first-class level. He finished his career with 669 first-class runs at an average of just 15.20, with a slightly better list-A record – 359 runs at 23.93.

References
External links
Player profile and statistics at Cricket Archive
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfoTessa Simpson (born October 27, 1986) is an American former mixed martial artist who competed in Atomweight division of the Invicta Fighting Championships (Invicta).

Background
Simpson was born in Guam. Growing up as a teenager, she was actively competing in various sports.  She started training in jiu-jitsu after watching Pride Fighting Championships and Pancrase events. She took up Muay Thai later and transitioned to mixed martial arts as few kickboxing competition events could be found in Texas.

Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Simpson started her amateur career in 2009. After amassing 2-1 record in 2009, she had a long hiatus from 2010 to 2016 where she had only one fight in 2013. She was signed by Invicta Fighting Championships (Invicta) after coming nearly a three-year layoff when she won over Satomi Takano at Pacific Xtreme Combat 52 with amassing a record of 4-1.

Invicta Fighting Championships
Simpson made her promotional debut on July 29, 2016 at Invicta FC 18: Grasso vs. Esquibel against Simona Soukupova. She won the fight unanimous decision.Her next fight came ten months later on May 20, 2017 at Invicta FC 23: Porto vs. Niedzwiedz against Herica Tiburcio. She lost the fight  via split decision.On December 8, 2017, Simpson faced Amber Brown at Invicta FC 26: Maia vs. Niedzwiedz. She won the fight via a submission armbar  on round one.

Mixed martial arts record
See also
List of current Invicta FC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists

References
External links
Professional MMA record for Tessa Simpson from Sherdog
Tessa Simpson at Invicta FCThe 1989 European Parliament election in Spain was held on Thursday, 15 June 1989, as part of the EU-wide election to elect the 3rd European Parliament. All 60 seats allocated to Spain as per the 1985 Treaty of Accession were up for election.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) emerged as the largest party, followed by the newly amalgamated People's Party (PP) and Adolfo Suárez's Democratic and Social Centre—both of which scoring far below expectations—, as well as left-wing United Left (IU), which improved slightly on its 1987 performance. Ruiz-Mateos Group was the election surprise by winning two seats, with former Rumasa CEO and party leader José María Ruiz Mateos being elected as MEP—which granted him immunity from criminal prosecution, as he had been a fugitive from Spanish justice at the time of his election—. Registered turnout was a record low at the time for a nationwide election held in Spain, with abstention peaking at 45.3%.The election was largely influenced by a recent string of PP–CDS agreements to vote no confidence motions on PSOE local governments, which included the Madrid city council and regional governments. This was said to have influenced the election's outcome, which had resulted in a sizeable PSOE win and a collapse in support for both the PP and CDS. His party's showing in this election was said to be one of the reasons that led Prime Minister Felipe González to call a snap general election for 29 October 1989.

Electoral system
The 60 members of the European Parliament allocated to Spain as per the 1985 Treaty of Accession were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with no electoral threshold being applied in order to be entitled to enter seat distribution. However, the use of the D'Hondt method might result in an effective threshold depending on the district magnitude. Seats were allocated to a single multi-member constituency comprising the entire national territory. Voting was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over eighteen and in full enjoyment of their political rights.The electoral law provided that parties, federations, coalitions and groupings of electors were allowed to present lists of candidates. However, they were required to secure the signature of at least 15,000 registered electors. Electors were barred from signing for more than one list of candidates. Parties, federations and coalitions were allowed to replace this requirement with the signature of at least 50 elected officials—deputies, senators, MEPs or members from the legislative assemblies of autonomous communities or from local city councils—. Concurrently, parties and federations intending to enter in coalition to take part jointly at an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days from the election call.

Parties and coalitions
Below is a list of the main parties and coalitions which contested the election:

Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a given poll. When available, seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font.

Results
Overall
Distribution by European group
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other

External links
European elections Spain in Europe Politique.Benidorm is a Belgian comedy series developed and aired on the channel vtm between 1989 and 1992. 26 episodes were made. Most of the storylines are set in the Spanish town of Benidorm.The series were written by Eddy Asselbergs. The first season is based upon Asselbergs theatre play "We gaan naar Benidorm" (We are heading to Benidorm). The second season is based upon on original script.

Cast
Janine Bischops: Angele
Johny Voners: Gaston
Max Schnur: Tuur
Maria Bossers: Germaine
Jo Leemans: Mariette
Bob Van Staeyen: Theo
Tony Bell: Karel
Yvonne Verbeeck: Lisa
Luc Van Puym: Pedro
Peggy De Greef: Willemijn
René Wattez: Kees
Kikki Amity: shop owner (Season 1), Ansje (Season 2)
Eddy Asselbergs: Pedro / Jesus
Bert Champagne: Jean
Bor: Snoetje
Jacky Lafon: Carmen

Story
Gaston and Angèle go on vacation to Blankenberge for several years. As they mostly have bad weather, Angèle decides they go abroad and chooses Benidorm as their next location. Gaston does not want to go, but is forged. She asks their neighbours Tuur and Germaine to join but they refuse. Once there it turns out their hotel is not yet finished. There is no electricity in the corridors, no elevator, no swimming pool, ... and the workers start at 6 AM . They make friends with their upper neighbours Theo and Mariette who bought their apartment.
Angèle decides to sunbathe but burns. Gaston makes disadvantage and goes out with some Dutch women. Their boyfriends make revenge and Gaston is beaten. However, on last day of their vacation the incident is settled. Gaston announces he does love Benidorm, in contradicaton to Angèle, so he bought the apartment. Angèle is upset as they can't pay this.
Once home it turns out the cellar is under water. Tuur is asked to fix the problem. Angèle sneakily asks Tuur to install a sauna. Gaston and Tuur set up a swindle in cheap wine Their most important customer is Gaston's boss. When he finds out the truth he is actually surprised and even promotes Gaston as his personal driver. In meantime, Angèles mother went to Benidorm to arrange the problem with the apartment. She calls to tell she did buy the residence and even bought a second for herself. However, it turns out it is a timesharing contract.


== Sources ==Genebert Basadre (January 5, 1984 – April 25, 2021) was an amateur boxer from the Philippines who competed in the Lightweight (-60 kg) division.

Career
Basadre started joining international amateur competitions in the early 2000s, with his first medal being the bronze he won at the 2002 Acropolis Cup in Athens, Greece. In the following year he clinched bronzes in two separate tournaments in Spain and Lithuania.Basadre made a failed attempt to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He joined the 2nd AIBA Asian Olympic qualifiers in Pakistan with his campaign ending in the quarterfinals.At the 2005 Southeast Asian Games, Basadre won a gold medal. He also clinched a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in a lost bout against China's Hu Qing 8–29.He went on to win a silver medal at the 2006 Tammer Cup in Tampere, Finland. His last medal was a silver which he won at the 2009 Kings Cup in Thailand before retiring in 2010 to fully commit to the Philippine Army.

Later life and death
While Basadre retired from competitive boxing, he did coaching work at his hometown of Cagayan de Oro. He collapsed at his residence on April 19, 2021 and was rushed to the Polymedic Plaza Hospital of Cagayan de Oro. He lapsed into a coma and died on April 25.


Sachiko Morisawa (森沢 幸子 (Morisawa Sachiko); born 1945) is a former international table tennis player from Japan.

Table tennis career
From 1967 to 1969, she won several medals in singles, doubles, and team events in the World Table Tennis Championships and in the Asian Table Tennis Championships.The four World Championship medals  included treble gold in the singles, doubles and team at the 1967 World Table Tennis Championships. Her doubles partner was Saeko Hirota.

See also
List of table tennis players
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

References
External links
Sachiko Morisawa (the second photograph) / Ryokuseikai (Alumni Association of Senshu University Table Tennis Team (in Japanese)Pseudozonitis pallidus is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae. It is found in North America.

References


== Further reading ==Decentralized identifiers are a type of identifier that enables a verifiable, decentralized digital identity. They are an important component of decentralized web applications.

DIDs
DIDs are a type of identifier that enables a verifiable, decentralized digital identity.
They are based on the Self-sovereign identity paradigm. A DID identifies any subject (e.g., a person, organization, thing, data model, abstract entity, etc.) that the controller of the DID decides that it identifies. These identifiers are designed to enable the controller of a DID to prove control over it and to be implemented independently of any centralized registry, identity provider, or certificate authority. DIDs are URIs that associate a DID subject with a DID document allowing trustable interactions associated with that subject. Each DID document can express cryptographic material, verification methods, or service endpoints, which provide a set of mechanisms enabling a DID controller to prove control of the DID. Service endpoints enable trusted interactions associated with the DID subject. A DID document might contain semantics about the subject that it identifies. A DID document might contain the DID subject itself (e.g. a data model).

Standardization efforts
The W3C DID Working Group is currently developing a standard for decentralized identifiers. It intends to standardize the core architecture, data model and representation of DIDs.
A working draft of the standard is available online.

See also
Self-sovereign identity

External links
https://identity.foundation/
https://www.hyperledger.org/use/hyperledger-indy
https://sovrin.org/
The 10 principles of Self Sovereign Identity
https://irma.app/


Haapiti is an associated commune on the island of Mo'orea, in French Polynesia. It is part of the commune Moorea-Maiao. According to the 2017 census, it had grown to a population 4,254 people.


The 1962 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1962 NCAA University Division football season. In their second season under head coach Hal Mitchell, the Cougars compiled a 4–6 record (2–2 against conference opponents), tied for second place in the WAC, and outscored opponents by a combined total of 197 to 170.The team's statistical leaders included Eldon Fortie with 814 passing yards, 1,149 rushing yards, 1,963 yards of total offense, and 86 points scored, Bruce Smith with 230 receiving yards, and Gene Frantz with nine interceptions.

Schedule


Hans Helfritz (25 July 1902, Chemnitz – 21 October 1995, Duisburg) was a German composer and photographer.

Biography
Owing to pressure from his parents,  Helfritz originally began an apprenticeship as a banker, a career path he soon gave up in order to study music and composition in Berlin and Vienna. Inspired by his teacher Erich von Hornbostel in 1930, he travelled to Egypt, Palestine, Syria and Iraq to collect samples of folk music for his research. In 1935 he continued his travels to India, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, the Republic of China and Singapore.
Helfritz also made films about Yemen and Mexico as an assignment for Ufa. In these films he deliberately evaded the right-wing line of Joseph Goebbels of presenting foreign ethnicities as culturally inferior.In 1939 Helfritz fled Germany because of his homosexuality and political beliefs which meant he was labelled an enemy of the Nazi state. He fled first to Brazil and Bolivia, before settling in Chile. He continued to work, taking part in the Chilean Antarctic Expedition as the official photographer. At the end of the 1940s he received Chilean citizenship. Throughout the 1950s Helfritz explored Central America and West Africa from an archaeological perspective. Later he changed profession, working first as a tour guide in these regions, then as travel lecturer. In 1959 he settled down in Ibiza.

References
External links
Official siteCapricho Awards de Gato Nacional is an award given annually since 2001 by the magazine Capricho, with open voting by the official Editora Abril site. The actor Bruno Gagliasso holds the record for most awards a total of 3.
In 2014 the category was called "drops", containing American and Brazilian artists, as indicated.

Winners and indicated
More Award
List of winners
2002: Henri Castelli
2006/2001: Reynaldo Gianecchini
2008: Di Ferrero
2009: Rodrigo Hilbert
2010/2013: Caio Castro
2011: Chay Suede
2012: Arthur Aguiar
2014: Ian Somerhalder


Custer is an unincorporated community in Dent County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.

History
A post office called Custer was established in 1882, and remained in operation until 1942. The community has the name of George Armstrong Custer, an American Civil War general and Indian fighter.


Stuart Zagnit (sometimes credited as Stan Hart) is an American voice, film and television actor. He has worked in Broadway, off-Broadway, regional and national tours, television, films, commercials, and voice-overs. Zagnit has worked as a voice actor for 4Kids Entertainment, DuArt Film and Video, and TAJ Productions.

Filmography
Film
According to Greta - Man on Bus
Across the Sea - Dr. Stein
Fault - Joe the Wizard
Jingle Hell - Scott Flynn
The Testimony of Erin J - Ron S.

Television
30 Rock - Richard Nixon (in episode Rosemary's Baby)
The Blacklist - The Haberdasher (in episode "Sutton Ross (No. 17)")
Blue Bloods - Karl (in episode "Dedication")
Bull -  Potential Juror #11 (in episode "Potential Juror #11")
Celebrity Ghost Stories - Willy Stiller (in episode "Jerry Stiller, Mindy McCready, Nick Hogan, Lourdes Benedicto")
Elementary - Josef Shapiro (in episode "Rip Off")
Instinct - Rabbi (in episode "Bad Actors")
Law & Order - Harry Shapiro, DDS (in episode "I.D."), Carson (in episode "Justice"), Jim Roker (in episode "Girl Most Likely")
Law & Order: Criminal Intent - LeMoyne (in episode "Malignant")
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit - Harrison Barnett (in episode "Folly")
Small Miracles - Benjamin Metzger (in episode "The Wall")
The Good Wife - Judge Larry Reardon (in episode "Innocents")

Voice roles
Baki the Grappler - Koushou Shinogi, Seicho Kato
Boundary Break - The Real Professor Oak (in episode "Pokemon Snap")
Chaotic - Additional Voices
Grappler Baki: The Ultimate Fighter - Kosho Shinogi / Seicho Kato
Lost Kingdoms II
Mission Odyssey -  Poseidon
Napoleon - Penguin
Pokémon - Professor Oak, Koga, Cedric Juniper
Shaman King - Additional Voices
Slayers - Zolf
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2003) - Dr. Dome (in episode "Return of the Justice Force"), Zanramon
The Irresponsible Captain Tylor - Dr. Hidezaburo Kitaguchi, Admiral Yutta Do Lonawer (Eps. 9-10)
Twin Angels - Dekinobu, Tokihara
Viva Pinata - Additional Voices
Winx Club (4Kids Entertainment edit) - Mike

Theatre
2015: "Wicked" (musical) Munchkinland National Tour - The Wizard
2015: "The Producers" (musical) - John Engeman Theater, Northport, L.I. - Max Bialystock
2014: "Dr. Seuss' How The Grinch Stole Christmas!" (musical) - Broadway - Grandpa Who
2012: Newsies (musical) - Broadway - Swing
2011: "The People In The Picture" (musical) - Broadway - US Krinsky/Doovie
2011: The Merry Wives of Windsor (Terrace) - Brooklyn, NY - Sir John Falstaff
2009: Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (musical) - Pantages Theater - L.A., CA - Grandpa Who;
2009: On The Waterfront - site-specific staged reading at Brooklyn, Manhattan and NJ venues with Brave New World Rep. Theatre - Johnny Friendly;
2009: Diary of Anne Frank - Syracuse Stage, NY - Mr. Dussel;
2008: Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (musical) - National Tour, Baltimore, MD & Boston, MA - Grandpa Who;
2007: Fiddler On The Roof - Syracuse Stage, NY - Tevye
2005: Picon Pie - Off-Broadway, DR2 & The Lambs - Jacob 'Yonkel' Kalich
2000: Seussical The Musical - Broadway - The Mayor of Whoville
2000: The Wild Party (musical, LaChiusa) - Broadway  - Goldberg

References
External links
Stuart Zagnit  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Stuart Zagnit at IMDb
https://www.linkedin.com/in/stuart-zagnit-3710753bAlexis is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States.  It is approximately 3 mi north of Stanley.
Alexis was incorporated in 1899.  Alexis was formerly named Alex's Cross Roads for an individual named Alexander who owned land in the area.The community is in Gaston County, but official residents of the community (by zip code) live in both Gaston County and Lincoln County, North Carolina.  The zip code for Alexis is 28006.


The Type 93 (酸素魚雷, designated for Imperial Japanese calendar year 2593) was a 610 mm (24 in)-diameter torpedo of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), launched from surface ships. It is commonly referred to as the Long Lance by most modern English-language naval historians, a nickname given to it after the war by Samuel Eliot Morison,  the chief historian of the U.S. Navy, who spent much of the war in the Pacific Theater. In Japanese references, the term Sanso gyorai (酸素魚雷, lit. "oxygen torpedo") is also used, in reference to its propulsion system. It was the most advanced naval torpedo in the world at the time.

History and development
The Type 93's development (in parallel with a submarine-launched model, the Type 95) began in Japan in 1928, under the auspices of Rear Admiral Kaneji Kishimoto and Captain Toshihide Asakuma. The torpedo design was inspired by the British oxygen-enriched torpedoes used on the  Nelson-class battleships. At the time, the most powerful potential enemy of the Japanese Navy was the United States Navy's Pacific Fleet. The U.S. Navy's doctrine, presuming an invasion by Japan of the Philippines (an American commonwealth at that time), called for the battle line to fight its way across the Pacific Ocean, relieve or recapture the Philippines, and destroy the Japanese fleet. Since the IJN had fewer battleships than the U.S. Navy, it planned to use light forces (light cruisers, destroyers, and submarines) to whittle down the U.S. Navy's fleet in a succession of minor battles, mostly at night. After the number of American warships was sufficiently reduced, the IJN would commit its own presumably fresh and undamaged battleships to finish off the U.S. remnants in one huge climactic battle. (This was essentially what the U.S. Navy's "War Plan Orange" expected.)
The Japanese Navy invested heavily in developing a large, heavy, and long-range torpedo, the Type 93. Torpedoes were the only weapon that gave small warships, such as destroyers, the potential to cripple or sink battleships. The IJN's torpedo research and development focused on using highly compressed oxygen instead of compressed air as the fuel oxidizer in the torpedo's propulsion system. These torpedoes used an otherwise normal wet-heater engine burning a fuel such as methanol or ethanol. Since air is only 21% oxygen (and 78% nitrogen), pure oxygen provides nearly five times as much oxidizer in the same tank volume, thereby increasing torpedo range. In addition, the absence of the inert nitrogen resulted in the emission of significantly less exhaust gas, comprising only carbon dioxide, which is significantly soluble in water, and water vapor, thus greatly reducing tell-tale bubble trails.
Compressed oxygen is dangerous to handle and required lengthy research and development, not to mention additional training for the warship's torpedomen, for safe operational use. Eventually, the IJN's weapons development engineers found that by starting the torpedo's engine with compressed air, and then gradually switching to pure oxygen, they were able to overcome the problem of explosions that had hampered it before. To conceal the use of pure oxygen from the ship's crew and any potential enemy, the oxygen tank was named the secondary air tank. The pure oxygen torpedo was first deployed by the IJN in 1935.

Specification
Some specification examples of ranges by speed:

22,000 m (24,000 yd) at 89 to 93 km/h (48 to 50 kn)
33,000 m (36,000 yd) at 69 to 72 km/h (37 to 39 kn)
40,400 m (44,200 yd) at 61 to 65 km/h (33 to 35 kn)However, the IJN announced officially the maximum performance of the Type 93 was 11 km (12,000 yd) at 78 km/h (42 kn).
The stated range of over 10 km (11,000 yd) was effective when the targeted warship steamed straight for more than a few minutes while the torpedo approached. This sometimes occurred when USN cruisers chased IJN destroyers breaking away from the scene of the battle at high speed during the night, or when American fleet carriers, engaged in flight operations, were targeted by IJN submarines in the South Pacific in 1942–43.
The Type 93 weighed about 2,700 kg (6,000 lb), with a high explosive warhead of about 490 kg (1,080 lb).
Rear Admiral Jungo Rai explained this weapon in the chapter "Torpedo", in collective work The Full Particulars of Secret Weapons (秘密兵器の全貌), first published by Koyo-sha, Japan, in 1952.

The Type 93 torpedo had a main chamber filled with pure compressed oxygen, a joint regulator valve preventing reverse flow, and a small (approximately 13-liter) high-pressure air tank. First, compressed air was  mixed with fuel, and the mixture was supplied to a heat starter. Ignition started gently, with the mixture burning steadily in the engine (if oxygen was used at this stage, explosions were common). As the compressed air was consumed and lost pressure, high-pressure oxygen was supplied from the main chamber through the joint valve into the compressed air tank. Soon the air tank was filled with pure oxygen, and combustion continued in the engine.
The torpedo needed careful maintenance. Warships equipped with Type 93 torpedo launchers required an oxygen generator system to use this type of torpedo.

Development of Kaiten from the Type 93
The rotational speed of the gyrocompass was increased to 20,000 rpm for the Kaiten manned torpedo. The warhead of the Type 93 torpedo was 480 kg (1,060 lb) (the same as the 1-ton 410 mm (16 in) gun of an Imperial Japanese battleship), increased to 1.6 tons for Kaiten. 
The Type 93 torpedo is 9.61 m (31.5 ft) long and weighs about three tons, while the Kaiten was 15 m (49 ft) long and weighed eight tons. The maximum speed of the Type 93 was 96 km/h (52 kn) and range 22,000 m (24,000 yd). The Kaiten had a range of 23,000 m (25,000 yd) at 56 km/h (30 kn), and 70,000 m (77,000 yd) at 22 km/h (12 kn). The Kaiten had a stable slow cruising capability just beneath the surface.

Operational history
The Type 93 had a maximum range of 40 km (44,000 yd) at 70 km/h (38 kn) with a 490 kg (1,080 lb) high explosive warhead. Its long range, high speed, and heavy warheads provided a formidable punch in surface battles. In contrast, the U.S. Navy's standard surface-launched torpedo of World War II, the 53 cm (21 in) Mark 15, had a maximum range of 14,000 m (15,000 yd) at 49.1 km/h (26.5 kn), or 5,500 m (6,000 yd) at 83 km/h (45 kn), with a significantly smaller 375 kg (827 lb) warhead; torpedoes of other Allied nations did not have longer range. The Type 93 was launched from 61 cm (24 in) torpedo tubes mounted on the decks of IJN destroyers and cruisers; some Japanese destroyers, unlike ships of other navies, mounted their banks of torpedo tubes in turrets offering protection against splinters, and had tube loaders. The IJN armed nearly all of its cruisers with Type 93 torpedoes.
In the early surface battles of 1942–43, Japanese destroyers and cruisers were able to launch their torpedoes from about 20 km (22,000 yd) at the unsuspecting Allied warships attempting to close to gun range. The Allied warships expected that, if torpedoes were used, they would be fired from not more than 10 km (11,000 yd), their own typical torpedo range. The many torpedo hits suffered by Allied warships in such engagements led their officers to believe torpedoes had been fired by undetected Japanese submarines operating in concert with the surface warships. On rare occasions, stray Type 93s struck ships at a much longer range than their intended targets, leading the Allies on occasion to suspect their ships had been mined. The capabilities of the Type 93 went mostly unrecognized by the Allies until examples were captured intact in 1943.
A 45 cm (17.7 in) version, the Type 97, was later developed for midget submarines, but was not a success, and was replaced operationally by Japan's standard aerial torpedo, the Type 91. A 53 cm (21 in) version for use by a few IJN submarines was designated the Type 95, and it was ultimately successful.
A disadvantage of the Type 93 was that it was far more likely to detonate due to shock than a compressed-air torpedo. The explosion from one Type 93, with its heavy warhead, was usually enough to sink the destroyer, or heavily damage the cruiser, carrying it. As American air strikes against IJN ships became more common, captains of destroyers and cruisers under air attack had to decide whether or not to jettison torpedoes to prevent them from being detonated during the attack. In one instance, the heavy cruiser Chikuma jettisoned her Type 93s just before being hit by bombs from several USN dive bombers at the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands. It was initially believed that during the Battle off Samar (in the eastern Philippines) a 5 in (130 mm) shell from escort carrier USS White Plains struck the heavy cruiser Chōkai which detonated the cruiser's Type 93 torpedoes, causing damage that forced the ship to be scuttled; however the 2019 discovery by the RV Petrel of the wreck of the Chōkai with her torpedoes intact disproved this theory. The same Samar engagement saw the heavy cruiser Suzuya sunk by the detonation of her Type 93 torpedoes: a bomb near miss starboard amidships set off the torpedoes in the starboard tube mounts; the resultant fires propagated to other torpedoes nearby and beyond; the subsequent explosions damaged one of the boilers and the starboard engine rooms and eventually reached the main magazines.

Successes of the Type 93 torpedo
While the Type 93 torpedo was dangerous to its user as well as its intended target, the Imperial Japanese Navy felt that its effectiveness outweighed its risks. During the course of the war, 23 Allied warships were sunk after Type 93 hits: 11 cruisers, 11 destroyers, and one fleet aircraft carrier.  Thirteen of these had been fatally hit solely by the Type 93, with the rest succumbing to a combination of bombs, gunfire, and torpedoes.Battle of the Java Sea:

Dutch destroyer HNLMS Piet Hein 19 February 1942 by IJN destroyer Asashio
Dutch cruiser HNLMS Java 27 February 1942 by IJN cruisers Haguro and Nachi
Dutch cruiser HNLMS De Ruyter 27 February 1942 by IJN cruisers Haguro and Nachi
Dutch destroyer HNLMS Kortenaer 27 February 1942 by IJN cruiser HaguroMore specific: actions at Sunda Strait, entailing the hunting down of Allied stragglers by the IJN:
British cruiser HMS Exeter (68) 1 March 1942 by IJN destroyer Ikazuchi
Australian cruiser HMAS Perth (D29) 1 March 1942 by IJN cruisers Mogami and Mikuma
American cruiser USS Houston (CA-30) 1 March 1942 by IJN cruisers Mogami and MikumaBattle of Savo Island:

9 August 1942 by IJN cruisers Chōkai, Aoba, Kako, Kinugasa, and Furutaka:
U.S. cruisers USS Quincy (CA-39), USS Vincennes (CA-44), and USS Astoria (CA-34) 9 August 1942Battles of Solomons/Tassafaronga/Guadalcanal/Kolombangara/Ormoc Bay/Santa Cruz Islands/Vella Lavella:

Destroyer USS Blue (DD-387) 22 August 1942 by IJN destroyer Kawakaze
Aircraft carrier USS Hornet (CV-8) 26 Oct 1942 by IJN destroyers Akigumo and Makigumo
Cruiser USS Atlanta (CL-51) 13 November 1942 by IJN destroyer Akatsuki
Destroyer USS Barton (DD-599) 13 November 1942 by IJN destroyer Amatsukaze
Destroyer USS Laffey (DD-459) 13 November 1942 by IJN destroyers
Destroyer USS Walke (DD-416) 14 November 1942 by IJN destroyers
Destroyer USS Benham (DD-397) 14 November 1942 by IJN destroyers; later scuttled by USS Gwin (DD-433)
Cruiser USS Northampton (CA-26) 30 November 1942 by IJN destroyer Oyashio
Destroyer USS Strong (DD-467) 5 July 1943 by IJN destroyer Niizuki
Cruiser USS Helena (CL-50) 5 July 1943 by IJN destroyers Suzukaze and Tanikaze
Destroyer USS Gwin (DD-433) 12 July 1943 by IJN destroyer
Destroyer USS Chevalier (DD-451) 6 October 1943 by IJN destroyer Yugumo
Destroyer USS Cooper (DD-695) 3 December 1944 probably by IJN destroyer Take

Surviving examples
Several examples are displayed in museums. This is an incomplete list:

Imperial War Museum Duxford, England.
Papua New Guinea National Museum, Waigani.
USS Arizona Memorial, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland – displayed outside in small park in front of Dahlgren Hall. The torpedo flanks a pathway on the other side of which is a Type 91 Japanese air-launched torpedo.
Yūshūkan museum, Tokyo, Japan.
In store at Explosion Museum of Naval Firepower, part of the National Museum of the Royal Navy, Gosport, Hampshire, England
Navy Yard, Washington D.C.
A number are also located within the war wrecks of Chuuk (Truk) Lagoon, specifically in the holds of the Heian Maru, San Francisco Maru and Seiko Maru.

See also
List of weapons of the Japanese Navy
Torpedo
Type 91 torpedo
War Plan Orange

Notes
References
Bibliography
Boyne, Walter (1995). Clash of Titans. NY, USA: Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-684-80196-4.
Brown, David (1990). Warship Losses of World War Two. London, Great Britain: Arms and Armour. ISBN 978-0-85368-802-0.
Hornfischer, James D. (2004). Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors. Bantam. ISBN 0-553-80257-7.
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1950). History of United States Naval Operations in World War II: Breaking the Bismarcks Barrier. New York.
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1984). History of United States Naval Operations in World War Two. Vol. 3. Boston, USA: Little, Brown, and Company.
Shigetaka, Onda (November 1988). "Chapter 5, Between "Kaiten" and "Ohka"". "Tokko" or Kamikaze attack (in Japanese). Tokyo, Japan: Kodan-sha. ISBN 978-4-06-204181-2.
Smyers, Richard Paul (2012). "Question 17/48: Japanese Tuype 93 Oxygen Torpedoes". Warship International. XLIX (2): 172–173. ISSN 0043-0374.

Further reading
Hone, Thomas C. (September 1981). "The Similarity of Past and Present Standoff Threats". Proceedings of the United States Naval Institute. Annapolis, Maryland. 107 (9): 113–116. ISSN 0041-798X.
Ito, Yoji; Sendo, Michio; Shiga, Fujio (November 1976) [1952]. "Torpedo (by Rai Jungo)". "Kimitu Heiki no Zenbo" or The full particulars of secret weapons (in Japanese). Tokyo, Japan: Hara-shobo.

External links
CombinedFleet info on torpedoes
NavWeap's compilation of technical and development dataPlestiodon capito, commonly known as Gail's eyelid skink, is a species of lizard, a member of the Plestiodon skinks, and endemic to China.


Adolfo Bassi (Naples, 1775 – Trieste, 1855) was an Italian composer and operatic tenor. Brother of the bass Nicola Bassi and the contralto Carolina Bassi-Manna, he was also an impresario of the Teatro Nuovo in Trieste.

Operas
Il Riccardo o Il finto cieco e sordo (1809, Teatro Nuovo, Trieste)
L'ingiusta critica alle donne (1809, Teatro Nuovo, Trieste)
La covacenere (1817, Teatro Nuovo, Trieste)
I tre gobbi (1820, Teatro Grande, Trieste)


Crotalaria novae-hollandiae, known commonly as the New Holland rattlepod, is a species of flowering plant that is native to Australia.

Description
The New Holland rattlepod is a member of the Eudicots, a part of the larger Angiosperm division of flowering plants. It has characteristically bright yellow flowers and larger brown pods. Since they are in the family Fabaceae, they are distantly related to legumes such as peas, lima beans, and lentils. Although some members of this genus indigenous to other countries have edible flowers which may be eaten raw and seeds that are edible and nutritious if treated correctly, the New Holland Rattlepods are known to be toxic and should not be used as a source of food for humans.

Morphology
The Crotalaria novae-hollandiae grows as a shrub usually in sandy soils. It is an annual that has dark green leaves, bright yellow flowers in a spike inflorescence, and brown club shaped pods. The yellow flowers are in a type of clog shape, containing three asymmetrical petals. These pods rattle when mature and they contain toxic alkaloids. These dehiscent pods are most likely a defense mechanism to assure that animals do not commonly ingest these plants, as doing so is poisonous to a number of them. The New Holland Rattlepod grows to about 80 centimeters tall with leaves slightly pointed at the apex and pods crowded on the stem, which hang down when they mature.

Habitat and ecology
This plant tends to grow on soils often in association with the Wedge Leaf Rattlepod and nearly always confined to the river banks and riverfronts that are prone to periodic flooding. For example, it is widespread in the areas around the Victoria River. They seem to favor degraded country and in good seasons often occur in dense patches and are very noticeable when in flower because of their bright yellow color.

Uses
Due to its alkaloid properties, Crotalaria novae-hollandiae is known to be a somewhat poisonous plant. The New Holland Rattlepod is not considered to be good food to give to livestock. The plant contains toxic elements that are potentially dangerous to horses and other farm animals. In earlier feeding trials with horses, consumption led to deaths and symptoms typical of Kimberley Horse Disease, also known as Walkabout. These pyrrolizidine alkaloids can also cause damage in liver, lungs and in pigs in the kidney. Additional damage can be done to the liver and lungs and cause dummy syndrome in horses and cattle

References
Petheram, R. J. (2003). Plants of the Kimberely Region of Western Australia. Crawley, Western Australia: University of Western Australia Press. pp. 100–101. ISBN 1-920694-04-8.
Spooner, Amanda. "Crotalaria novae-hollandiae DC". FloraBase. Retrieved 27 April 2012.
"Crotalaria novae-hollandiae DC". Natural Resource Conservative Service. United States Department of Agriculture. Retrieved 27 April 2012.The Japanese pavilion houses Japan's national representation during the Venice Biennale arts festivals.

Background
The Venice Biennale is an international art biennial exhibition held in Venice, Italy. Often described as "the Olympics of the art world", participation in the Biennale is a prestigious event for contemporary artists. The festival has become a constellation of shows: a central exhibition curated by that year's artistic director, national pavilions hosted by individual nations, and independent exhibitions throughout Venice. The Biennale parent organization also hosts regular festivals in other arts: architecture, dance, film, music, and theater.Outside of the central, international exhibition, individual nations produce their own shows, known as pavilions, as their national representation. Nations that own their pavilion buildings, such as the 30 housed on the Giardini, are responsible for their own upkeep and construction costs as well. Nations without dedicated buildings create pavilions in venues throughout the city.

Organization and building
The pavilion, designed by Takamasa Yoshizaka, was built between 1955 and 1956.

Representation by year
Art
1952 — Taikan Yokoyama, Kokei Kobayashi, Kiyotaka Kaburaki, Heihachirō Fukuda, Kyujin Yamamoto, Kenji Yoshioka, Sotaro Yasui, Shinsen Tokuoka, Ryuzaburo Umehara, Ichiro Fukuzawa, Kigai Kawaguchi
1954 — Hanjiro Sakamoto, Taro Okamoto
1956 — Kunitaro Suda, Kazu Wakita, Takeo Yamaguchi, Shigeru Ueki, Toyoichi Yamamoto, Shiko Munakata
1958 — Ichiro Fukuzawa, Kawabata Ryushi, Seison Maeda, Kenzo Okada, Yoshi Kinouchi, Shindo Tsuji
1960 — Toshimitsu Imai, Yoshishige Saito, Kei Sato, Kaoru Yamaguchi, Tadahiro Ono, Tomonori Toyofuku, Yoshitatsu Yanagihara, Yozo Hamaguchi
1962 — Kinuko Emi, Minoru Kawabata, Kumi Sugai, Tadashi Sugimata, Ryokichi Mukai
1964 — Yoshishige Saito, Toshinobu Onosato, Hisao Domoto, Tomonori Toyofuku
1966 — Toshinobu Onosato, Masuo Ikeda, Morio Shinoda, Ay-O
1968 — Tomio Miki, Kumi Sugai, Jiro Takamatsu, Katsuhiro Yamaguchi
1970 — Shusaku Arakawa and Nobuo Sekine
1972 — Kenji Usami, Shintaro Tanaka
1976 — Kishin Shinoyama
1978 — Koji Enokura, Kishio Suga
1980 — Koji Enokura, Susumu Koshimizu, Isamu Wakabayashi
1982 — Naoyoshi Hikosaka, Yoshio Kitayama, Tadashi Kawamata
1984 — Kosho Ito, Kyoji Takubo, Kosai Hori
1986 — Isamu Wakabayashi, Masafumi Maita
1988 — Shigeo Toya, Keiji Umematsu, Katsura Funakoshi
1990 — Toshikatsu Endo, Saburo Muraoka
1993 — Yayoi Kusama
1995 — Katsuhiko Hibino, Yoichiro Kawaguchi, Hiroshi Senju, Jae Eun Choi
1997 — Rei Naito
2003 — Yutaka Sone, Motohiko Odani
2005 — Miyako Ishiuchi (Curator: Michiko Kasahara)
2007 — Masao Okabe (Commissioner: Chihiro Minato)
2009 — Miwa Yanagi
2011 — Tabaimo (Curator: Yuka Uematsu)
2013 — Koki Tanaka (Curator: Mika Kuraya)
2015 — Chiharu Shiota (Curator: Hitoshi Nakano)
2017 — Takahiro Iwasaki (Curator: Meruro Washida)
2019 — Motoyuki Shitamichi, Taro Yasuno, Toshiaki Ishikura, Fuminori Nousaku (Curator: Hiroyuki Hattori)
2022 — Dumb Type

References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Official websiteTorres Airport (IATA: TOH, ICAO: NVSD) is an airfield serving the Torres Islands in the Torba province in Vanuatu. It is located on Linua island, just north of Lo (or Loh) island.

Airlines and destinations
References
External links
Accident history for TOH at Aviation Safety NetworkThe Hunt class is a class of thirteen mine countermeasure vessels of the Royal Navy. As built, they combined the separate roles of the traditional minesweeper and that of the active minehunter in one hull, but later modifications saw the removal of mine-sweeping equipment. They have a secondary role as offshore patrol vessels.

Development
Upon introduction in the early 1980s they were the largest warships ever built out of glass-reinforced plastic and were the last in operation to use the Napier Deltic diesel engine. All were built by Vosper Thornycroft in Woolston except Cottesmore and Middleton, which were built by Yarrow Shipbuilders Limited on the River Clyde. Quorn was the last ship of the class launched. 
Following the sale of Bicester and Berkeley to the Greek Navy, the sale of Cottesmore and Dulverton to the Lithuanian Navy and the decommissioning of Brecon, a contract to re-engine the remaining eight vessels was signed by BAE Systems in 2008, whereby the existing 30-year old Napier Deltic 9-59K power units were replaced by Caterpillar CAT C32 engines, together with new gearboxes, bow thrusters, propellers and control systems, in a six year refurbishment programme that was completed in 2018.
The capabilities of the remaining eight vessels of the Hunt class have been significantly enhanced by the installation of Sonar Type 2193 and the NAUTIS 3 command system. The performance of Sonar 2193 exceeds that of any other mine hunting sonar in service in the world today and is capable of detecting and classifying an object the size of a football at a distance of up to 1,000 metres (1,100 yd). In late 2007 Chiddingfold  used the Seafox drone, the Royal Navy's mine disposal system, during Exercise Neptune Warrior off Scotland. Seafox is described by the MOD as a "state of the art fire and forget system, capable of destroying mines in depths of up to 300 metres".
The 2021 defence white paper announced that all the Hunt-class vessels would be retired from Royal Navy service in the 2020s and replaced by automated systems. It was subsequently indicated that the withdrawal would occur in the 2029 to 2031 period.

Ships in the class
All 13 ships of this class re-used names from the World War II Hunt-class destroyer. Four of the names had also been used for World War I Hunt-class minesweepers: these were HMS Bicester, Cattistock, Cottesmore and Quorn. HMS Atherstone had been a paddlewheel minesweeper in 1916, and Brocklesby was a coaster taken up from trade in 1916.

See also
Sandown-class minehunter

References
External links
"Mine Countermeasures Vessels - Hunt Class". Royal Navy.The fibula or calf bone is a leg bone on the lateral side of the tibia, to which it is connected above and below. It is the smaller of the two bones and, in proportion to its length, the most slender of all the long bones. Its upper extremity is small, placed toward the back of the head of the tibia, below the knee joint and excluded from the formation of this joint. Its lower extremity inclines a little forward, so as to be on a plane anterior to that of the upper end; it projects below the tibia and forms the lateral part of the ankle joint.

Structure
The bone has the following components:

Lateral malleolus
Interosseous membrane connecting the fibula to the tibia, forming a syndesmosis joint
The superior tibiofibular articulation is an arthrodial joint between the lateral condyle of the tibia and the head of the fibula.
The inferior tibiofibular articulation (tibiofibular syndesmosis) is formed by the rough, convex surface of the medial side of the lower end of the fibula, and a rough concave surface on the lateral side of the tibia.

Blood supply
The blood supply is important for planning free tissue transfer because the fibula is commonly used to reconstruct the mandible.  The shaft is supplied in its middle third by a large nutrient vessel from the fibular artery.  It is also perfused from its periosteum which receives many small branches from the fibular artery.  The proximal head and the epiphysis are supplied by a branch of the anterior tibial artery.  In harvesting the bone the middle third is always taken and the ends preserved (4 cm  proximally and 6 cm  distally)

Development
The fibula is ossified from three centers, one for the shaft, and one for either end. Ossification begins in the body about the eighth week of fetal life, and extends toward the extremities. At birth the ends are cartilaginous.
Ossification commences in the lower end in the second year, and in the upper about the fourth year. The lower epiphysis, the first to ossify, unites with the body about the twentieth year; the upper epiphysis joins about the twenty-fifth year.

Head
The upper extremity or head of the fibula is of an irregular quadrate form, presenting above a flattened articular surface, directed upward, forward, and medialward, for articulation with a corresponding surface on the lateral condyle of the tibia. 
On the lateral side is a thick and rough prominence continued behind into a pointed eminence, the apex (styloid process), which projects upward from the posterior part of the head.
The prominence, at its upper and lateral part, gives attachment to the tendon of the biceps femoris and to the fibular collateral ligament of the knee-joint, the ligament dividing the tendon into two parts.
The remaining part of the circumference of the head is rough, for the attachment of muscles and ligaments. 
It presents in front a tubercle for the origin of the upper and anterior fibers of the peroneus longus, and a surface for the attachment of the anterior ligament of the head; and behind, another tubercle, for the attachment of the posterior ligament of the head and the origin of the upper fibers of the soleus.

Body
The body of the fibula presents four borders - the antero-lateral, the antero-medial, the postero-lateral, and the postero-medial; and four surfaces - anterior, posterior, medial, and lateral.

BordersThe antero-lateral border begins above in front of the head, runs vertically downward to a little below the middle of the bone, and then curving somewhat lateralward, bifurcates so as to embrace a triangular subcutaneous surface immediately above the lateral malleolus. This border gives attachment to an intermuscular septum, which separates the extensor muscles on the anterior surface of the leg from the peronaei longus and brevis on the lateral surface.
The antero-medial border, or interosseous crest, is situated close to the medial side of the preceding, and runs nearly parallel with it in the upper third of its extent, but diverges from it in the lower two-thirds. It begins above just beneath the head of the bone (sometimes it is quite indistinct for about 2.5 cm. below the head), and ends at the apex of a rough triangular surface immediately above the articular facet of the lateral malleolus. It serves for the attachment of the interosseous membrane, which separates the extensor muscles in front from the flexor muscles behind.
The postero-lateral border is prominent; it begins above at the apex, and ends below in the posterior border of the lateral malleolus. It is directed lateralward above, backward in the middle of its course, backward, and a little medialward below, and gives attachment to an aponeurosis which separates the peronaei on the lateral surface from the flexor muscles on the posterior surface.
The postero-medial border, sometimes called the oblique line, begins above at the medial side of the head, and ends by becoming continuous with the interosseous crest at the lower fourth of the bone. It is well-marked and prominent at the upper and middle parts of the bone. It gives attachment to an aponeurosis which separates the tibialis posterior from the soleus and flexor hallucis longus.

SurfacesThe anterior surface is the interval between the antero-lateral and antero-medial borders. It is extremely narrow and flat in the upper third of its extent; broader and grooved longitudinally in its lower third; it serves for the origin of three muscles: the extensor digitorum longus, extensor hallucis longus, and peroneus tertius.
The posterior surface is the space included between the postero-lateral and the postero-medial borders; it is continuous below with the triangular area above the articular surface of the lateral malleolus; it is directed backward above, backward and medialward at its middle, directly medialward below. Its upper third is rough, for the origin of the soleus; its lower part presents a triangular surface, connected to the tibia by a strong interosseous ligament; the intervening part of the surface is covered by the fibers of origin of the flexor hallucis longus. Near the middle of this surface is the nutrient foramen, which is directed downward.
The medial surface is the interval included between the antero-medial and the postero-medial borders. It is grooved for the origin of the tibialis posterior.
The lateral surface is the space between the antero-lateral and postero-lateral borders. It is broad, and often deeply grooved; it is directed lateralward in the upper two-thirds of its course, backward in the lower third, where it is continuous with the posterior border of the lateral malleolus. This surface gives origin to the peronaei longus and brevis.

Function
The fibula does not carry any significant load (weight) of the body. It extends past the lower end of the tibia and forms the outer part of the ankle providing stability to this joint. It has grooves for certain ligaments which gives them leverage and multiplies the muscle force. It provides attachment points for the following muscles:

Clinical significance
Fractures
The most common type of fibula fracture is located at the distal end of the bone, and is classified as ankle fracture. In the Danis–Weber classification it has three categories:
Type A: Fracture of the lateral malleolus, distal to the syndesmosis (the connection between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula).
Type B: Fracture of the fibula at the level of the syndesmosis
Type C: Fracture of the fibula proximal to the syndesmosis.A Maisonneuve fracture is a spiral fracture of the proximal third of the fibula associated with a tear of the distal tibiofibular syndesmosis and the interosseous membrane. There is an associated fracture of the medial malleolus or rupture of the deep deltoid ligament.
An avulsion fracture of the head of the fibula refers to the fracture of the fibular head because of a sudden contraction of the biceps femoris muscle that pulls its site of attachment on the bone. The attachment of the biceps femoris tendon on the fibular head is closely related to the lateral collateral ligament of the knee. Therefore, this ligament is prone to injury in this type of avulsion fracture.

History
Etymology
The word fibula can be dated back to c. 1670 to describe a clasp or brooch – see fibula (brooch) – and was first used in English for the smaller bone in the lower leg c. 1706. It derives from Latin fībula, also meaning a clasp or brooch. The bone was so called because it resembles a clasp like a modern safety pin.The adjective peroneal referring to the fibula bone or its surrounding structures derives from περόνη : perónē, the Ancient Greek word for a clasp.

Other animals
Because the fibula bears relatively little weight in comparison with the tibia, it is typically narrower in all but the most primitive tetrapods. In many animals, it still articulates with the posterior part of the lower extremity of the femur, but this feature is frequently lost (as it is in humans). In some animals, the reduction of the fibula has proceeded even further than it has in humans, with the loss of the tarsal articulation, and, in extreme cases (such as the horse), partial fusion with the tibia.

See also
Peroneal
Fibular hemimelia — congenital absence or shortening of the fibula

References
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 260 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)

External links
Anatomy photo:17:st-1402 at the SUNY Downstate Medical CenterThe red-winged laughingthrush (Trochalopteron formosum) is a bird species in the family Leiothrichidae.
The plumage is mostly brown with large areas of red in the wings and tail. The crown and ear-coverts are grey with dark streaks and the throat is dark. The bill and feet are blackish. It has a loud, whistling song and is 27 to 28 centimetres long. The red-tailed laughingthrush is similar but has a rufous crown and greyer back and breast.
It is found in south-west China (Sichuan, Yunnan and Guangxi provinces) and north-west Vietnam. It inhabits forest, secondary growth, scrub and bamboo from 900 to 3000 metres above sea level. It is an elusive bird which travels in pairs or small groups in dense cover near the forest floor. Little is known about its reproductive habits but in China breeding takes place during June and July.
There have been a number of records of the species on the Isle of Man since 1995 after some birds escaped from captivity at the Curraghs Wildlife Park. They were confirmed as breeding in the wild for a period since 1996; however, it is believed that the population has since died out (2017).

References
BirdLife International (2004). "Garrulax formosus". IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. 2004. Retrieved 6 December 2006.old-form url
Steve P. Dudley (2005) Changes to Category C of the British List, Ibis 147:803
John MacKinnon & Karen Phillipps (2000) A Field Guide to the Birds of China, Oxford University Press, Oxford
Malcolm Ogilvie (2003) Non-native birds breeding in the United Kingdom in 2001 British Birds 96:620-625
Craig Robson (2002) A Field Guide to the Birds of South-East Asia. New Holland, London

External links
Red-winged laughingthrush videos on the Internet Bird CollectionAlhassan Azong (born 18 December 1965) is a Ghanaian politician and the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Builsa South constituency in Ghana. He was also a Minister of state in the Mills government between 2009 and 2013.

Early life
Azong hails from Wiesi in the Upper East Region of Ghana. He acquired the ACIS in 1996. He also attended the Paris Graduate School of Management where he obtained an MBA. He later became a lecturer at the Bolgatanga Polytechnic, a position he held until he went into politics.

Politics
Azong first contested the Builsa South seat in the December 2008 on the ticket of the People's National Convention, winning by the narrow margin of 59 votes (0.5%). He served on the Committee on Members Holding Offices of Profit, Education Youth, Sports and Culture Committee and the Standing Orders Committee.  In the following election in December 2012, his majority increased to 6,048 (47.12). He thus became the sole PNC MP in the 6th Parliament of the Fourth Republic of Ghana.
Although he was not a member of the NDC, Azong was appointed Minister of state responsible for Public Sector Reform by President Mills in the NDC government from 2009 to 2013.  In 2013, he was renominated by President Mahama as the Minister of State in charge of Public Sector Reforms, the same portfolio he held under the Mills government.

Personal life
Azong is a Muslim. He is married with six children.

Employment
Lecturer, Bolgatanga Polytechnic

See also
List of Mills government ministers
List of Mahama government ministers

References


== External links ==The Elkon mine is a large open pit mine in the eastern part of Russia in Sakha Republic. Elkon represents one of the largest uranium reserves in Russia having estimated reserves of 219.2 million tonnes of ore grading 0.15% uranium.


The western chimpanzee, or West African chimpanzee, (Pan troglodytes verus) is a Critically Endangered subspecies of the common chimpanzee. It inhabits western Africa, mainly in Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea, Liberia, Mali, and Sierra Leone but with populations in surrounding countries.

Etymology
The taxonomical genus Pan is derived from the Greek god of fields, groves, and wooded glens, Pan. The species name troglodytes is Greek for 'cave-dweller', and was coined by Johann Friedrich Blumenbach in his Handbuch der Naturgeschichte (Handbook of Natural History) published in 1779. Verus is Latin for 'true', and was given to this subspecies in 1934 by Ernst Schwarz, who originally named it as Pan satyrus verus.

Taxonomy and genetics
The western chimpanzee (P. t. verus) is a subspecies of the common chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes), along with the central chimpanzee (P. t. troglodytes), the Nigeria-Cameroon chimpanzee (P. t. ellioti), and the eastern chimpanzee (P. t. schweinfurthii). The western chimpanzee last shared a common ancestor with P. t. ellioti between 0.4 and 0.6 million years ago (mya) and with P. t. troglodytes and P. t. schweinfurthii 0.38–0.55 mya.Western chimpanzees are the most genetically differentiated and homozygous subspecies of the common chimpanzee.

Distribution and habitat
The population of the western chimpanzee once spanned from southern Senegal all the way east to the Niger River. Today, the largest populations are found in Côte d'Ivoire and in Guinea. Other populations survive in Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea-Bissau. Relict populations live in Ghana, Senegal, and Mali. The subspecies is extinct in the wild in the Gambia, and possibly Benin, Burkina Faso, and Togo.

Behavior
Diet and hunting
Male and female western chimpanzees differ in their prey. In Fongoli, Senegal, Senegal bushbabies account for 75% of females' prey and 47% of the males'. While males will prey more on monkeys, such as green monkeys (27%) and Guinea baboons (18%), only males were observed to hunt patas monkeys and only females were observed to hunt banded mongooses. Both will occasionally hunt bushbucks, preferring fawns, when given the chance. Adult, adolescent, and juvenile females are slightly more likely to hunt with tools than males of the same age group.

Unique behaviors
Western chimpanzees have unique behaviors never observed in any of the other subspecies of the chimpanzee. In fact, their behaviour is so diverged from that of their fellow subspecies of chimpanzee that it has been proposed West African chimpanzees may be a distinct species in their own right. Western chimpanzees engage in an unusual rock-throwing behaviour, throwing large rocks into hollow tree stumps or just against trees, presumably as some sort of primitive ritual or perhaps an early form of competitive sport. They make wooden spears to hunt other primates, use caves as homes, share plant foods with each other, and travel and forage during the night. They also submerge themselves in water and play in it to stay cool in the oppressive heat.Female west African chimpanzees are quite gregarious and often support one another in conflicts with males, resulting in a more gender-balanced hierarchy than that of the rigidly patriarchal east african chimpanzees. Female West African chimpanzees have been observed hunting and accompany males on territorial patrols, playing a more important role in social dynamics than other chimpanzee subspecies. While it was traditionally accepted that only female chimpanzees immigrate and males remain in their natal troop for life, Western Chimpanzees uniquely exhibit female and male immigration between groups, suggesting males are less territorial and more willing to accept unfamiliar males. Paternity tests indicate males frequently mate with females from several different communities, siring infants from them. There are even cases of solitary male western chimpanzees, while in any other population, a chimpanzee couldn't survive alone. Male West African chimpanzees generally are respectful of females and do not forcibly confiscate food from them, which may at least partly stem from the gregarious females forming alliances. Among the Tai forest community, infants are often adopted by unrelated adults, with both sexes adopting infants in equal measure. Female western chimpanzees also can rebuff the unwanted advances of males and select males to breed with on their own terms. This further is in line with the active and possibly co-dominant role female western chimpanzees play in their communities.

Conservation status
The IUCN lists the western chimpanzee as Critically Endangered on the Red List of Threatened Species. There are an estimated 21,300 to 55,600 individuals in the wild.  The primary threat to the western chimpanzee is habitat loss, although it is also killed for bushmeat.


Timblo Drydocks Private Limited is a privately owned shipbuilding company based in Goa, India. It was established in the early 1970s and owns a shipyard having area of 10 hectares located on the left banks of the River Zuari in Goa, with a water frontage of more than 350 meters and is equipped with two slipways and one assembly bay with side launching facilities.

Capabilities
Timblo manufactures various type of inland vessels such as twin screw dry cargo barges, pontoons, dredgers, passenger launches, small floating jetties, etc. Timblo also constructs ocean-going crafts and multi-purpose vessels of up to 8000 DWT and 118 metres LOA. These also include, OSVs, PSVs, AHVs and various other specialised vessels.
Timblo also manufactures fiber-reinforced plastic boats such as patrol crafts, luxury boats. It owns a floating dry dock on the southern banks of Dabhol creek in Maharashtra, with up to 200 acres of land and a 1.2 km water frontage. It is mainly a repair facility.

Ships constructed
Timblo class interceptor craft
Timblo class patrol craft

Peers
ABG Shipyard
Modest Infrastructure Ltd
Tebma Shipyard Limited
Shalimar Works (1980) Ltd

External links
Timbo dry docks
Timbo ShipyardsPathogens and Global Health is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Taylor & Francis. It covers tropical diseases, including their microbiology, epidemiology and molecular biology, as well as medical entomology, HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis. The editor-in-chief is Andrea Crisanti (Imperial College London).

History
The journal was established by Sir Ronald Ross in 1906 as Annals of Tropical Medicine and Parasitology to share the results of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine's research and field expeditions. In May 2011, the journal was purchased by Maney Publishing, obtaining its current title in 2012, reflecting a broader focus including the biology, immunology, genetics, treatment, and control of pathogens of medical relevance beyond a regional definition.

Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 2.733.

References
External links
Official websiteMark Allan Takano ( tə-KAH-no; born December 10, 1960) is an American politician and academic who has been the United States representative for California's 41st congressional district since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, Takano became the first openly gay person of Asian descent in Congress upon taking office.

Early life, education, and academic career
Takano was born in 1960 in Riverside, California. His family was relocated and interned from California to a "War Relocation Camp" during World War II. He is Sansei, that is, the grandson of people born in Japan who immigrated to the United States. He attended La Sierra High School in the Alvord Unified School District, where he graduated as class valedictorian. In high school, he also participated in the Junior State of America, a national student-run organization centered around debate and civic engagement in young people, and was elected lieutenant governor of the Southern California State. He graduated from Harvard University with an AB in government in 1983 and from the University of California, Riverside with an MFA in creative writing for the performing arts in 2010.Takano taught British literature in public schools for 23 years. He was a member of the Republican Party through college, when he became a member of the Democratic Party. In 1990 he was elected to the Riverside Community College Board of Trustees. While on the board, he shepherded a measure that gave college employees domestic partner benefits.

U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
1992
Takano ran for the United States House of Representatives in California's 43rd congressional district. He won a seven-candidate Democratic primary with 29% of the vote. Republican Ken Calvert defeated Takano by 519 votes, 47%–46%.

1994
Takano defeated Raven Lopez Workman in the Democratic primary, 70%–30%. During the campaign, Republican State Assemblyman Ray Haynes outed Takano, calling him a "homosexual liberal". In the general election, Calvert defeated Takano, 55%–38%.

2012
In July 2011, Takano announced he would run for the House in the newly redrawn 41st congressional district, established in the redistricting following the 2010 United States Census. Five candidates ran for the open seat. In the June 2012 open primary, John Tavaglione, a Republican who sat on the Riverside County Board of Supervisors, ranked first with 45% of the votes. Takano ranked second with 37%. In the November general election, Takano defeated Tavaglione, 58%–42%. Takano became the first openly gay non-white member of the House.

Committee assignments
Committee on Veterans' Affairs (chair)
Committee on Education and Labor
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training
Subcommittee on Workforce Protections

Caucus memberships
Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus (co-chair)
Congressional Progressive Caucus
Medicare for All Caucus
Congressional Energy Storage Caucus (co-chair)After Corrine Brown's indictment on July 8, 2016, she temporarily stepped down as ranking member of the Veterans Committee, leaving Takano as acting ranking member until the end of the 114th Congress. When the Democrats took the House majority after the 2018 elections, Takano became the chair of the committee. He is currently the most junior chair of a major House committee.

Tenure
When Representative Bill Cassidy circulated a draft letter opposing an immigration reform bill in 2013, asking for signatures, Takano marked it up in red pen like a high school assignment and gave it an F, with comments like, "exaggeration – avoid hyperbole."Takano co-chairs the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus and is a member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, the Congressional Arts Caucus, the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, the United States Congressional International Conservation Caucus, U.S.-Japan Caucus, and the Advanced Energy Storage Caucus.
For his tenure as the chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee in the 116th Congress, Takano earned an "A" grade from the nonpartisan Lugar Center's Congressional Oversight Hearing Index.

Political positions
Takano supports gun control efforts. In the wake of the 2015 San Bernardino attack, he criticized Congress for its inability to pass gun control laws, describing the shooting in San Bernardino as "the cost of inaction."Takano supported both impeachments of Donald Trump.

Personal life
Takano gardens and cooks. Every year, he gathers with his family in Riverside to make a large batch of teriyaki sauce using the family recipe.

See also
List of Asian Americans and Pacific Islands Americans in the United States Congress
List of LGBT members of the United States Congress

References
External links
Congressman Mark Takano official U.S. House website
Mark Takano for Congress
Mark Takano at Curlie
Appearances on C-SPANBiography at the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
Profile at Vote Smart
Financial information (federal office) at the Federal Election Commission
Legislation sponsored at the Library of CongressAkihiro Kurihara (栗原 明洋, Kurihara Akihiro, born May 2, 1985) is a former Japanese football player.

Playing career
Kurihara was born in Gunma Prefecture on May 2, 1985. After graduating from high school, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2004. In June, he moved to Albirex Niigata Singapore. He returned to Albirex Niigata in 2006 season. In 2007, he moved to AC Nagano Parceiro. He retired in 2012.


Conor McManus is a Gaelic footballer for the Monaghan county team. He is his county's top scorer in National Football League history.After winning the 2013 Ulster Senior Football Championship with Monaghan, he was hauled down by Sean Cavanagh in sight of goal in the All-Ireland quarter-final, with Monaghan losing only by two points in the end. McManus was later named in the 23-man Ireland squad for the 2013 International Rules Series against Australia. He scored two goals in the second Test at Croke Park and won the man of the match award, as Ireland romped to a record-breaking victory. On 8 November 2013, McManus won an All Star at corner-forward. He added a second All Star in 2015 after winning his second Ulster Championship that year, having scored 1-26 in just four matches. During a club match with Clontibret O'Neills in Spring 2014, he suffered a knee injury that kept him out until the Ulster Football Championship Quarter Final against Tyrone. He won another County Championship medal as Clontibret came back from a 5-point deficit to win 1-10 to 1-09 against favourited Scotstown. McManus enjoyed what many believe to have been his finest hour in the 2015 Ulster Final when, despite being marked tightly by the Donegal defence, he managed to score six points in an 0-11 to 0-10 win for the Farney Men. McManus also scored 0-12 in a 1-14 to 0-16 loss to All-Ireland champions Dublin in the National League Division 1 on 27 February 2016 in what was regarded by many pundits as one of the greatest individual performances seen in Croke Park in a long time. He was the top scorer in that year's National League, scoring an impressive 2-43. As of 30/7/17, McManus has scored 2-27 in this year's All-Ireland Championship, including 0-10 against Down in the Qualifier Round 4B tie at headquarters.Selected for Ireland in the 2014 International Rules Test, McManus won the GAA Medal as the Irish player of the series in a team which was defeated by 10 points against Australia. He was a key scoring asset for Ireland in the 2015 test match, which Ireland won, before winning a second GAA Medal in the 2017 International Rules Series, for his performance in a losing Irish side.

Career statistics
As of 27 July 2018

Honours
Ulster Senior Football Championship (2): 2013, 2015
National Football League, Division 2 (1): 2014
National Football League, Division 3 (1): 2013
International Rules Series (4): 2013, 2014, 2015 (GAA Medal), 2017 (GAA Medal)
All Star (3): 2013, 2015, 2018


The Royal Art Society of New South Wales, or Royal Art Society of NSW, was established in 1880 as the Art Society of New South Wales by a group of artists including Arthur and George Collingridge, with the aim of creating an Australian school of painting, and separate from the NSW Academy of Art. Their first exhibition was held in the Garden Palace. 
In 1902 the Society merged with the Society of Artists and received royal assent from King Edward VII to add "Royal" to their name.Over the years, the society gave tuition to and held exhibitions for artists such as Charles Conder, George Lambert, Sydney Long, Antonio Dattilo-Rubbo, Norman Lindsay, Hans Heysen, John Longstaff, Margaret Preston, W. Lister Lister, Elioth Gruner, and many others. It celebrated 140 years of existence in 2020.


Adib Fahim is the eldest son of the former Afghan Vice President Mohammad Fahim. Following the death of his father in March 2014, Adib Fahim was appointed as his father's successor in the social arena at a ceremony held in Afghanistan's Presidential Palace.Adib Fahim was born in the late 1980s. He grew up in Afghanistan during the Afghan Jihad. Later on he received a B.A. in international relations from the American University of Sharjah and a master's in public administration and policy from New York University. In 2010, Adib Fahim worked with a group of consultants who were assigned by the United Nations Development Programme and the Egyptian Ministry of Local Development to study decentralization planning and program in Egypt.Adib Fahim served in Afghanistan's Office of National Security Council and as a diplomat in Afghanistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.


Russia has the largest number of small nuclear reactors in the world.
'*' Once built, ELENA will be the smallest commercial nuclear reactor ever built.

See also
Small modular reactor
Micro nuclear reactor
List of nuclear reactors
List of small nuclear reactor designs
List of United States Naval reactors
List of Soviet Naval reactors

References
External links
List of Small Nuclear Reactors
Publications on Small Nuclear Reactors
Small Nuclear Power Reactors
The encyclopedia of Earth - Small nuclear power reactors
Nuclear Regulatory Commission´s advanced reactors
World's Smallest Nuclear ReactorsDoug Limerick is an American radio personality. He has been a news correspondent for ABC Radio Networks since 1982.

Career
Limerick, a native of Shelby, North Carolina, started his career working the night shift, playing Top 40 music at WOHS radio while still in high school in the early 1960s.
He majored in speech at Wake Forest University and then joined the United States Air Force where he worked as a Russian linguist.
His broadcast career included stations in Monroe, Birmingham and Charlotte. His big break came at WKIX in Raleigh, where he was the morning news editor. He was also morning news editor and anchor at WHDH in Boston, Massachusetts, during the 1970s.
After WHDH, he went to WRQX in Washington D.C. and also worked as the weekend weatherman for WJLA TV.
Limerick joined ABC Radio Networks in April 1982 as an anchor-correspondent.
While at ABC News Radio, he subbed for the broadcaster Paul Harvey for nearly a decade.
During his career he interviewed Bob Hope, George Wallace, Spiro Agnew, Roy Rogers, Tom Clancy, Paul Harvey, and many more. Limerick won two Edward R. Murrow news awards.
Limerick announced his retirement from broadcasting on December 18, 2015.

Family
Limerick lives in Fairfax Station, Virginia. He is married and has three daughters and five grandchildren.


WTNH, virtual channel 8 (VHF digital channel 10), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to New Haven, Connecticut, United States, and serving the Hartford–New Haven television market. Owned by Irving, Texas–based Nexstar Media Group, it is part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate WCTX (channel 59), also licensed to New Haven. Both stations share studios on Elm Street in downtown New Haven and transmitter facilities in Hamden, Connecticut. However, master control and some internal operations are based at Springfield, Massachusetts–licensed Nexstar sister station and NBC affiliate WWLP's studios in Chicopee.

History
Local pioneer (1948–1970)
WTNH first went on the air on June 15, 1948 as WNHC-TV, originally broadcasting on channel 6. It is the oldest television station in Connecticut. The station was founded by the Elm City Broadcasting Corporation, owners of WNHC radio (1340 AM, now WYBC; and 99.1 FM, now WPLR). Elm City Broadcasting founded WNHC radio in December 1944 and was principally owned by Patrick J. Goode, U.S. postmaster for New Haven; Garo W. Ray, Chief Engineer; and Aldo DeDominicis, a radio salesperson.WNHC-TV was originally an affiliate of the DuMont Television Network, and claims to have been the first full-time affiliate of that short-lived network. The station originally broadcast from WNHC radio's building on Chapel Street in downtown New Haven. However, with no studio facilities of its own, it could not produce local programming. For a time, WNHC-TV simply rebroadcast the signal of DuMont's New York City flagship, WABD (now Fox flagship WNYW). In October 1948, the station added CBS programming to its schedule, and additional secondary affiliations with NBC and ABC followed a year later. The station was the first in the country to use videotape for local programming and one of the first to broadcast in color.
When the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s Sixth Report and Order ended the four-year freeze on television construction permit awards in 1952, it also reorganized channel allocations to alleviate interference issues. As a result, WNHC-TV changed frequencies and moved to channel 8 in December 1953. The next year, the FCC collapsed New Haven and Hartford into a single market. WNHC-TV shared some CBS programming with New Britain's WKNB-TV (channel 30, now NBC owned-and-operated station WVIT) until 1955, since WKNB's signal was not strong enough to cover New Haven at the time.
In 1956, the WNHC stations were purchased by Philadelphia-based Triangle Publications. Also that same year, WNHC-TV lost its CBS affiliation when that network purchased WGTH-TV in Hartford (channel 18, later WHCT and now Univision affiliate WUVN). This left channel 8 as a sole ABC affiliate, although it shared ABC programming with WATR-TV (channel 20, now WCCT-TV) in nearby Waterbury until 1966. Under Triangle ownership the WNHC stations moved to a new studio facility, on College Street in downtown New Haven, around 1960.
Until the original WTIC-TV (channel 3, now WFSB) signed on from Hartford in September 1957, WNHC-TV was the only station on the VHF dial in Connecticut. Many viewers northeast of Hartford used outdoor antennas to get spotty reception of CBS and NBC programs from Boston, while those southwest of Hartford with outdoor TV antennas got great to excellent reception from their respective New York City flagship stations; indeed, much of southwestern Connecticut is part of the New York City market. By contrast, most of Connecticut got a clear picture and pitch-perfect sound from channel 8.

Later years (1970–present)
Triangle was forced out of broadcasting in 1970 after then-Pennsylvania Governor Milton J. Shapp complained the company had used its Pennsylvania stations in a smear campaign against him. The WNHC stations were among the first batch to be sold, going to Capital Cities Communications, along with its sister stations in Philadelphia (WFIL-TV, now WPVI-TV) and Fresno (KFRE-TV, now KFSN-TV) in a deal that would be finalized in 1971. However, Capital Cities could not keep the radio stations because of the FCC's then-restrictions on ownership, resulting in WNHC-AM-FM being spun off to separate third parties. WNHC-TV changed its call letters to the current WTNH-TV in April 1971, not long after Capital Cities officially took over (the station dropped the -TV suffix from its calls in 1985, but continued to call itself "WTNH-TV" on-air well into the 1990s). The station later relocated for a second time in May 1983, into its present studio facility on Elm Street.
On March 19, 1985, Capital Cities announced its intention to buy ABC in a deal that would stun the broadcast industry. As part of the deal, Capital Cities was required to sell WTNH due to a significant signal overlap with ABC's New York flagship station, WABC-TV. Like the other major stations in Connecticut, WTNH's city-grade signal reaches Fairfield County, which is part of the New York City market. It also provides at least grade B coverage to most of Long Island. At the time, the FCC normally did not allow common ownership of two stations with overlapping coverage areas, and would not even consider granting a waiver for a city-grade overlap (the FCC began allowing common ownership of two stations with overlapping coverage areas in 2000). As a result, WTNH was sold to Cook Inlet Television Partners, a subsidiary of Cook Inlet Region, Inc. (an Alaska Native Regional Corporation); the deal was eventually completed in January 1986. During the mid-1980s, the syndicated Sally Jessy Raphael talk show originated from the WTNH studios in New Haven, until the show moved to New York City later in the decade.
Cook Inlet sold WTNH to LIN Television in 1994. When a new UHF station in New Haven, WTVU (channel 59, now WCTX) signed on in April 1995 as a WB affiliate, WTNH began operating the station through a local marketing agreement (LMA); prior to WTVU's launch, WTNH held a temporary secondary WB affiliation, airing its programming (which at the time consisted solely of a Wednesday prime time lineup) Saturdays in late night. In 2001, LIN TV bought WCTX outright. On May 18, 2007, the company announced that it was exploring strategic alternatives that could have resulted in the sale of the company. On March 21, 2014, Media General announced that it would purchase LIN Media and its stations, including WTNH and WCTX, in a $1.6 billion merger. The merger was completed on December 19.On September 8, 2015, Media General announced that it would acquire the Meredith Corporation for $2.4 billion, with the combined group to be renamed Meredith Media General if the sale had been finalized. Because Meredith already owned WFSB, and the two stations ranked among the four highest-rated stations in the Hartford–New Haven market in total day viewership, the companies would have been required to sell either WTNH or WFSB to comply with FCC ownership rules as well as recent changes to those rules regarding same-market television stations that restrict sharing agreements; WCTX would have been the only one of the three stations affected by the merger that could legally be acquired by Meredith Media General, as its total day viewership ranked below the top-four ratings threshold. However, on January 27, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire Media General (which was approved on January 17, 2017), resulting in the termination of Meredith's acquisition by Media General. This sale reunited WTNH with former Triangle station property WTAJ-TV, which Nexstar acquired in 2006.On December 3, 2018, Nexstar announced it would acquire the assets of Chicago-based Tribune Media—which has owned Fox affiliate WTIC-TV (channel 61) since 1996 and CW affiliate WCCT-TV (channel 20) since 2001—for $6.4 billion in cash and debt. Nexstar was required to sell two of the stations (including one ranking in the top four in ratings) to a separate, unrelated company to comply with FCC ownership rules. On March 20, 2019, it was announced that Nexstar would keep the WTNH/WCTX duopoly and sell the WTIC/WCCT duopoly to McLean, Virginia-based Tegna Inc. as part of the company's sale of nineteen Nexstar- and Tribune-operated stations to Tegna and the E. W. Scripps Company in separate deals worth $1.32 billion; this would make the WTIC/WCCT duopoly the first television properties in Connecticut and southern New England for Tegna.

Programming
Syndicated programming
In addition to the ABC network schedule, syndicated programming broadcast on WTNH include Jeopardy!, Wheel of Fortune, Dr. Phil and Judge Judy, among others.

News operation
WTNH presently broadcasts 48 hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with six hours each weekday and 4½ hours each on Saturdays and Sundays) among both WTNH and WCTX. In addition to its main studios, WTNH operates a New London bureau and a Hartford bureau on Columbus Boulevard. Along with regional NOAA National Weather Service radar data, the station operates its own weather radar near its transmitter site in Hamden. Together, these two sources are called "SkyMax Doppler Network". This can be seen via live video with audio from the National Weather Service on WTNH's website.
For over a quarter century, the station used the Action News format made famous at former Philadelphia sister station WFIL-TV (which became WPVI-TV and is now an ABC O&O), using the same "Move Closer to Your World" music and graphics packages as WPVI. It rebranded as NewsChannel 8 in 1996.
For most of the last half-century, WTNH has been a distant runner-up in the overall Connecticut market to dominant WFSB. However, in recent times, it has had to fend off a spirited challenge from WVIT. Since the turn of the millennium, the two stations have regularly traded the runner-up spot. However, WTNH appears to have higher ratings in southern and coastal Connecticut. Historically, WTNH's ratings for news and local programming are far higher in Nielsen's "Metro B" area of New Haven County than "Metro A" containing Hartford County.Since 2000, WTNH has been producing a nightly prime time newscast at 10:00 p.m. on WBNE/WCTX. It has competed right from the start with WTIC-TV's 10:00 p.m. broadcast, which established itself as a viewer favorite since it debuted in 1989. As of the February 2008 ratings period, WTIC's weeknight newscast is actually the most watched late news broadcast in the market, even gathering more viewership than the 11:00 p.m. newscasts on Connecticut's Big Three stations. In 2005, WCTX began simulcasting the second hour of WTNH's weekday morning show at 6:00 a.m. followed by a third hour from 7:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. that was seen exclusively on WCTX, except for simulcast Good Morning America cut-ins on WTNH. The simulcast of the 6:00 a.m. hour was eventually dropped. The 7:00 a.m. hour received competition on March 3, 2008 when WTIC launched its own weekday morning show.
Its weekday noon newscast was originally an hour long, but was reduced to 30 minutes on February 23, 2009 when a new lifestyle/entertainment magazine show known as Connecticut Style was added at 12:30 p.m. On January 12, 2015, CT Style was added at 9:00 a.m. and the noon newscast become an hour long. On April 26, 2010, WTNH re-branded from News Channel 8 to News 8. In addition, WTNH began broadcasting its newscasts in 16:9 widescreen enhanced definition, with WCTX's newscasts and Connecticut Style being included in the upgrade. On October 4, 2010, WTNH became the third station in the market to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition. WCTX's newscasts also made the transition, while Connecticut Style made the transition in 2015.
On January 2, 2017, Good Morning Connecticut was expanded to start at 4:30 a.m. while the noon newscast was shortened to 30 minutes. Connecticut Style was also cut to a half hour.
On March 30, 2020, WTNH planned to launch an expansion of WCTX's prime time newscast to the three-hour entirety of prime time on weeknights and 90 minutes on weekends. This quickly shifted to launching on March 16 instead to provide continuing coverage of the local impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:

Analog-to-digital conversion
WTNH shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 8, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition VHF channel 10, using PSIP to display WTNH's virtual channel as 8 on digital television receivers.

Cable and satellite availability
During the 1970s and 1980s, WTNH once had carriage in portions of northeastern New Jersey in Bergen County and much of Suffolk County on Long Island.

References
External links
Official websiteAmanda de Lange is a South African politician who has been serving as a Member of the Gauteng Provincial Legislature for the Freedom Front Plus since May 2019. Prior to her election to the legislature, she served as a councillor of the Mogale City Local Municipality.

Political career
De Lange is a member of the Freedom Front Plus. She was re-elected as a councillor of the Mogale City Local Municipality in the 2016 municipal election. She was also wrongly elected a councillor of the West Rand District Municipality. On the day of the district municipality's inaugural council meeting, an IEC official communicated to De Lange that there had been a mistake and that the FF Plus  had no seats on the council. She proceeded to go to the next meeting on 24 August to voice her concerns, but she was forcefully removed from the sitting.After the 2019 Gauteng provincial election, De Lange was nominated to the Gauteng Provincial Legislature. She was sworn in as a member on 22 May 2019.

Personal life
In May 2018, De Lange's pregnant daughter was assaulted by the then CEO of Novare Consultants.

References
External links
Amanda De Lange at People's AssemblyGeneral elections were held in the Faroe Islands on 7 July 1994.

Results
See also
List of members of the Løgting, 1994–98Robert Willard Hodgson (1893–1966) was an American botanist, taxonomist and agricultural researcher located in the California State, an exceptional citrus and avocado expert. He was a co-author of The Citrus Industry book, emeritus professor of University of California, and dean of the College of Agriculture.

References
External links
Socialarchive.iath.virginia.edu: Robert Willard Hodgson (1893-1966)
Robert Willard Hodgson at Find a GraveGerolamo Castaldi (died 1521) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Massa Lubrense (1506–1521).

Biography
On 5 July 1506, Gerolamo Castaldi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Massa Lubrense.
He served as Bishop of Massa Lubrense until his death in 1521.

See also
Catholic Church in Italy

References
External links and additional sources
Cheney, David M. "Diocese of Massa Lubrense". Catholic-Hierarchy.org. Retrieved June 16, 2018. (for Chronology of Bishops) [self-published]
Chow, Gabriel. "Titular Episcopal See of Massa Lubrense". GCatholic.org. Retrieved June 16, 2018. (for Chronology of Bishops) [self-published]The Duchess of Malfi (originally published as The Tragedy of the Dutchesse of Malfy) is a Jacobean revenge tragedy written by English dramatist John Webster in 1612–1613. It was first performed privately at the Blackfriars Theatre, then later to a larger audience at The Globe, in 1613–1614.Published in 1623, the play is loosely based on events that occurred between 1508 and 1513 surrounding Giovanna d'Aragona, Duchess of Amalfi (d. 1511), whose father, Enrico d'Aragona, Marquis of Gerace, was an illegitimate son of Ferdinand I of Naples. As in the play, she secretly married Antonio Beccadelli di Bologna after the death of her first husband Alfonso I Piccolomini, Duke of Amalfi.
The play begins as a love story, when the Duchess marries beneath her class, and ends as a nightmarish tragedy as her two brothers undertake their revenge, destroying themselves in the process. Jacobean drama continued the trend of stage violence and horror set by Elizabethan tragedy, under the influence of Seneca. The complexity of some of the play's characters, particularly Bosola and the Duchess, and Webster's poetic language, have led many critics to consider The Duchess of Malfi among the greatest tragedies of English renaissance drama.

Characters
The Duchess – The protagonist, sister to Ferdinand and the Cardinal. At the beginning she is a widow whose brothers take every precaution to keep from marriage, though later she secretly marries Antonio, and for this her brothers arrange to have her strangled. She is described as having a sweet countenance and noble virtue, unlike her brothers. She is also witty and clever, helping her keep up with her brothers' banter, and has a tenderness and warmth which they lack. She has three children, two sons and a daughter by Antonio. (There is an inconsistency surrounding earlier children by her deceased husband, put down to a careless mistake by Webster.) Based on Giovanna d'Aragona, Duchess of Amalfi
Antonio Bologna – Antonio returned from France, full of scorn for the Italian courtiers whom he sees as more corrupt than the French. Antonio is the steward of the Duchess of Malfi's palace. His honesty and good judgment of character are traits well known to the other characters. He accepts the Duchess' proposal of marriage because of her disposition rather than her beauty. Her marrying beneath her status is a problem, however, and their marriage has to remain a secret, as Antonio shares neither her title nor her money.
Delio – A courtier, who tries to woo Julia. Based on Matteo Bandello's self-depiction under this name, his purpose is to be the sounding board for his friend Antonio. Because he asks so many pertinent questions, he serves as a source of important information to the audience, and is privy to the secrets of Antonio's marriage and children.
Daniel de Bosola – A former servant of the Cardinal, now returned from a sentence in the galleys for murder. Publicly rejected by his previous employer the Cardinal, he is sent by Ferdinand to spy on the Duchess as her Provisor of Horse. (Ferdinand hopes to keep her away from marriage.) Bosola is involved in the murder of the Duchess, her children, Cariola, Antonio, the Cardinal, Ferdinand, and a servant. Witnessing the nobility of the Duchess and Antonio facing their deaths, he finally feels guilty, and seeks to avenge them. This change of heart makes him the play's most complex character. A malcontent and cynic, he makes numerous critical comments on the nature of Renaissance society. (He is based on the historical Daniele de Bozolo, about whom little is known.)
The Cardinal – The brother to the Duchess and Ferdinand. A corrupt, icy cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who keeps a mistress. He has arranged a spy (Bosola) to spy upon his sister – all this on the quiet, however, leaving others ignorant of his plotting. Of remorse, love, loyalty, or even greed, he knows nothing, and his reasons for hating his sister are a mystery. (Historically, his name was Luigi d'Aragona.)
Ferdinand – The Duke of Calabria and twin brother of the Duchess. Unlike his rational brother the Cardinal, Ferdinand has rages and violent outbursts disproportionate to the perceived offence. As a result of his regret for hiring Bosola to kill the Duchess, he gradually loses his sanity—he believes he is a wolf and digs up graves (lycanthropia). (In reality, his name was Carlo, Marquis of Gerace.)
Castruchio (Castruccio) – An old lord. His name plays on the word "castrated", suggesting impotence. He's the conventional elderly man with a young, unfaithful wife (Julia). He is genial and easygoing, attempting to stay on good terms with all.
Roderigo – A courtier
Grisolan – A courtier
Silvio – A courtier
Pescara – A marquis, possibly Fernando d'Avalos
Cariola – The Duchess's waiting-woman who is privy to her secrets. She witnesses the Duchess's wedding and delivers her children. She dies tragically by strangling following the murder of the Duchess and the youngest children. Her name plays on the Italian carriolo, meaning "trundle-bed", where personal servants would have slept.
Julia – Castruchio's wife and the Cardinal's mistress. She dies at the Cardinal's hands from a poisoned Bible.
Malateste – A hanger-on at the Cardinal's court. The name means 'headache'. Referred to as a "mere stick of sugar candy" by the Duchess, he is yet another interchangeable courtier serving the sycophantic court.
Doctor – Sent for to diagnose Ferdinand's madness and his supposed "lycanthropia".There are also minor roles including courtiers, servants, officers, a mistress, the Duchess’s children, executioners, etc.

Synopsis
The play is set in the court of Malfi (Amalfi), Italy, from 1504 to 1510. The recently widowed Duchess falls in love with Antonio, a lowly steward. Her brothers, Ferdinand and the Cardinal, forbid her from remarrying, seeking to defend their inheritance and desperate to avoid a degrading association with a social inferior. Suspicious of her, they hire Bosola to spy on her. She elopes with Antonio and bears him three children secretly. Bosola eventually discovers that the Duchess is pregnant but does not know who the father is.
Ferdinand, shown by now to be a depraved lunatic, threatens and disowns the Duchess. In an attempt to escape, she and Antonio concoct a story that Antonio has swindled her out of her fortune and must flee into exile. The Duchess takes Bosola into her confidence, unaware that he is Ferdinand's spy, and arranges for him to deliver her jewellery to Antonio at his hiding-place in Ancona. She will join them later, while pretending to make a pilgrimage to a nearby town. The Cardinal hears of the plan, instructs Bosola to banish the two lovers, and sends soldiers to capture them. Antonio escapes with their eldest son, but the Duchess, her maid, and her two younger children are returned to Malfi and die at the hands of Bosola's executioners, who are under Ferdinand's orders. This experience leads Bosola to turn against the brothers, and he decides to take up the cause of “revenge for the Duchess of Malfi” (5.2).
The Cardinal confesses his part in the killing of the Duchess to his mistress, Julia, then murders her with a poisoned Bible. Bosola overhears the Cardinal plotting to kill him, so he visits the darkened chapel to kill the Cardinal at his prayers. Instead, he mistakenly kills Antonio, who has just returned to Malfi to attempt a reconciliation with the Cardinal. Bosola then stabs the Cardinal, who dies. In the brawl that follows, Ferdinand and Bosola stab each other to death.
Antonio's elder son by the Duchess appears in the final scene and takes his place as the heir to the Malfi fortune. The son's decision is in spite of his father's explicit wish that he "fly the court of princes", a corrupt and increasingly deadly environment.
The conclusion is controversial for some readers because they find reason to believe the inheriting son is not the rightful heir of the Duchess. The play briefly mentions a son who is the product of her first marriage and would therefore have a stronger claim to the duchy. Other scholars believe the mention of a prior son is just a careless error in the text.

Plot
Act 1
Scene 1—The Duchess's palace in Malfi: Antonio and Delio are discussing the former's return from France, and discussing how the French king runs his court, comparing it to an easily poisoned fountain. They are interrupted by the entry of Bosola and the Cardinal. Antonio and Delio hold their conversation, stepping to the background to watch as Bosola angrily tries to gain the Cardinal's pardon, speaking of the time he has spent in the galleys in penal servitude, and in the service of the Cardinal. Bosola declares that he is surely done with service, but the Cardinal is not interested in Bosola's new merit and takes his leave. Bosola compares himself to Tantalus, never able to acquire the thing he most desires, like an injured soldier who can only depend on his crutches for support of any kind. When he leaves, Antonio and Delio comment on his past offence, and how he will surely come to no good if he is kept in neglect. Ferdinand comes into the palace, talking to his courtiers about a tournament that Antonio has just won. When the Cardinal, Duchess, and Cariola enter to speak with Ferdinand, Antonio and Delio have a moment to themselves to discuss the Cardinal's character; he is found to be a very dishonest, disagreeable person, as is his brother, Ferdinand. Only their sister, the Duchess, earns the approval of everyone, a very pleasant and gracious woman. After the two gentlemen leave, Ferdinand petitions his sister to make Bosola the manager of her horses; when everyone else leaves, Ferdinand and the Cardinal reveal that it is because Bosola is to spy on their sister. When Bosola is brought in and made aware of this plan, he at first refuses, but ultimately is given no choice. The Cardinal and Ferdinand then turn their attention to their sister, urging her not to marry again, now that she is a widow, going so far as to threaten her with death, in Ferdinand's case. She refuses to be bullied, and once her brothers are out of sight, she proposes to Antonio by giving him her wedding ring. Having Cariola, the Duchess's maid, as their witness, this private ceremony is legally binding and the Duchess and Antonio become husband and wife.

Act 2
Scene 1—The Duchess's palace in Malfi, nine months later: Bosola and Castruchio enter, Bosola criticising his companion's appearance, and telling him that he would make a ridiculous judge. When an old woman intrudes on their conversation, Bosola's insults turn on her, calling her hideous to the point that no amount of make-up would help. He also accuses her of being too like a witch; the old lady and Castruchio leave Bosola alone to muse on the mysterious way the Duchess is acting of late. He believes she is pregnant (no one but Delio and Cariola know that the Duchess and Antonio are married), and aims to prove it by using apricots both to spark her pregnant appetite and to induce labour, as apricots were believed to do. The Duchess, when she enters, accepts the fruit from Bosola, and quickly starts going into labour. She then retires to her chamber claiming to be ill, with a worried Antonio following in her wake.
Scene 2—Same place and time as the previous scene: Bosola, alone, realises that the Duchess is indeed pregnant. After accosting the hapless old lady again, he watches as Antonio and the servants in a commotion about a Swiss mercenary who had invaded the Duchess's room, and the loss of several jewels and gold utensils. Even with all the uproar, Antonio is not distracted from his wife's "illness"; she is actually in labour. Cariola, the lady's maid, enters with good news once Antonio is alone—he is the father of a son.
Scene 3—Same place and time as the previous scene: Bosola re-enters the now empty room, having heard a woman (the Duchess) shriek. Antonio discovers him and questions his purpose in being there, since everyone had been commanded to keep to their rooms. Antonio tells him to stay away from the Duchess since he doesn't trust Bosola. In Antonio's agitation, he accidentally drops a horoscope for his son's birth, which Bosola retrieves. He realises what it means, and resolves to send it to the Duchess's brothers with Castruccio.
Scene 4—The Cardinal's rooms: The Cardinal and his mistress, Julia, are discussing their rendezvous when a messenger calls the Cardinal away with an important message. Delio enters to find Julia alone. He was once a suitor of hers and offers her money. Julia leaves to meet her husband, Castruccio, and Delio fears that her husband's arrival means Antonio's secret marriage is about to be revealed.
Scene 5—Rome, in Ferdinand's private apartments: An enraged Ferdinand, with the letter from Bosola, and his brother the Cardinal, meet to discuss what they think is an awful treachery by their sister. Ferdinand is angry to the point of shouting about his sister's "whorish" behaviour (he knows of the child, but not of the marriage), and the Cardinal struggles to control his brother's temperamental outburst. Ferdinand resolves to discover the man his sister is seeing, threatening all and sundry.

Act 3
Scene 1—The Duchess's palace in Malfi, after some time has passed: Antonio greets the returning Delio, who has come from Rome with Ferdinand. Antonio reveals that the Duchess has had two more children in the time Delio was gone. Antonio fears the wrath of the recently arrived Ferdinand, and Delio tells him the ordinary people think the Duchess is a whore. While they talk, the Duchess and Ferdinand enter. He tells her that he has found a husband for her, the Count Malateste. She disregards this, as she is already married (still secretly of course) to Antonio. When left alone, Ferdinand consults with Bosola to discover the father of the three seemingly illegitimate children; Bosola has acquired a skeleton key to the Duchess's room, which Ferdinand takes, telling him to guess what will happen next.
Scene 2—The Duchess's bedchamber: Antonio comes up to the Duchess's bedroom to spend the night, and they banter back and forth about the point of lovers just sleeping together. Antonio and Cariola leave to allow the Duchess to complete her night-time preparations, but she is not alone; Ferdinand sneaks in and startles her. He gives her a knife, intending her to kill herself, and his fury increases when she tells him she is married without his knowledge. Ferdinand leaves, declaring he will never see her again. He exits just in time, for Antonio bursts in brandishing a pistol, but the Duchess forces him to leave again when Bosola knocks at the door. Bosola informs the Duchess that Ferdinand has left for Rome again, and she tells him that Ferdinand's bills of exchange (he has so far dealt with her accounts) will no longer work, since Antonio has been false with her accounts. This is, of course, a trick to get Antonio out of Malfi; she calls Antonio back in (once Bosola exits) to tell him to flee to Ancona, where she will send him all her treasure and valuables. The couple puts on a show argument for the benefit of the returning Bosola and officers, where she criticises his faulty record keeping and banishes him. Bosola does not believe the Duchess was justified in banishing Antonio, and tells her that Antonio is a good, honest man. This speech prompts the Duchess to confide the secret marriage to Bosola. He is then left on stage to lament his role as a spy, for now he must reveal all to Ferdinand.
Scene 3—A room in a palace at Rome: The Cardinal, Ferdinand, Malateste, Pescara, Silvio and Delio are discussing the new fortifications that are being made in Naples. Ferdinand and his men, leaving the Cardinal and Malateste to speak privately, are very harsh in their critique of Malateste, considering him too cowardly to fight in an upcoming battle. Bosola, meanwhile, interrupts the Cardinal's private conference with news of his sister. The Cardinal leaves to petition for her and her family's exile from Ancona, while Bosola goes to tell the Duchess's first child (from her first husband) what has happened with his mother. Ferdinand goes to find Antonio.
Scene 4—The shrine of Our Lady of Loreto, Italy, in the Ancona province: Two pilgrims are visiting the shrine in Ancona, and witness the Cardinal being symbolically prepared for war. The Cardinal then proceeds to take the Duchess's wedding ring, banish her, Antonio, and their children, while the pilgrims muse over the reason for what they have just seen.
Scene 5—Near Loreto: The newly banished family, and the maid Cariola, enter Loreto. Shortly after their arrival, Bosola comes and presents the Duchess with a letter from Ferdinand, which indirectly states that Ferdinand wants Antonio dead. Antonio tells Bosola that he will not go to Ferdinand, and the Duchess urges him to take the oldest child and go to Milan to find safety, which he promptly does. Bosola and masked guards then take the Duchess and her remaining children captive, on the orders of her brothers.

Act 4
Scene 1—A prison (or the Duchess's lodgings serving as a prison) near Loreto: Ferdinand comes in with Bosola, who is describing to him how the Duchess is dealing with her imprisonment. It seems she is not affected to Ferdinand's satisfaction, and he leaves angrily. Bosola greets the Duchess, telling her that her brother wishes to speak with her, but will not do so where he can see her. She agrees to meet with her brother in the darkness. Once the lights are out, Ferdinand returns. He presents her with a dead man's hand, leading her to believe that it is Antonio's, with her wedding ring on it. He then exits, leaving Bosola to show the Duchess lifelike figures of her husband and children, made to appear as though her family was dead. The Duchess believes them to be the genuine articles, and resolves to die—her despair is so deep it affects Bosola. When she leaves, Ferdinand re-enters; Bosola pleads with him to send his sister to a convent, refusing to be a part of the plot any more. Ferdinand is beyond reason at this point, and tells Bosola to go to Milan to find the real Antonio.
Scene 2—Same place and time as the previous scene: The Duchess and her maid, Cariola, come back, distracted by the noises being made by a group of madmen (Ferdinand brought them in to terrorise her). A servant tells her that they were brought for sport, and lets in several of the madmen. Bosola, too, sneaks in with them, disguised as an old man, and tells the Duchess that he is there to make her tomb. When she tries to pull rank on him, executioners with cords and a coffin come in. Cariola is removed from the room, leaving Bosola and the executioners with the Duchess. The Duchess makes a brave show, telling the executioners to "pull, and pull strongly", welcoming her strangulation. Cariola is brought back, and after struggling fiercely, she too is strangled. Ferdinand comes to view the scene, and is also shown the bodies of his sister's children, who were murdered as well. Ferdinand reveals that he and the Duchess were twins, and that he had hoped, if she had remained a widow, to inherit all her wealth. Bosola, sensing that Ferdinand is ready to turn on him next, demands payment for his atrocities. Ferdinand, distracted, leaves him alone with the bodies. Astonishingly, the Duchess is not dead. A shocked Bosola has no time to call for medicine; he manages to tell the Duchess that Antonio is not really dead; that the figures she saw were fake, before she finally dies. Bosola, remorseful at last, takes her body to the care of some good women, planning to leave immediately thereafter for Milan.

Act 5
Scene 1—Outside Ferdinand and the Cardinal's palace in Milan: Antonio returns to see if he can reconcile with Ferdinand and the Cardinal, but Delio is dubious as to the wisdom of this. Delio asks Pescara, a marquis, to give him possession of Antonio's estate for safekeeping, but Pescara denies him. Julia presents Pescara with a letter from the Cardinal, which states that she should receive Antonio's property, and which Pescara grants to her. When Delio confronts him about this, Pescara says that he would not give an innocent man a property that was taken from someone by such vile means (the Cardinal took the property for himself once Antonio was banished), for it will now become an appropriate place for the Cardinal's mistress. This statement impresses the hidden Antonio. When Pescara leaves to visit an ill Ferdinand, Antonio decides to pay a night-time visit to the Cardinal.
Scene 2—Inside the same palace: Pescara, come to visit Ferdinand, is discussing his condition with the doctor, who believes Ferdinand may have lycanthropia: a condition whereby he believes he is a wolf. The doctor thinks there is a chance of a relapse, in which case Ferdinand's diseased behaviour would return; namely, digging up dead bodies at night. Pescara and the doctor make way for the mad Ferdinand, who attacks his own shadow. The Cardinal, who has entered with Ferdinand, manages to catch Bosola, who has been watching Ferdinand's ravings. The Cardinal assigns Bosola to seek out Antonio (by following Delio) and then slay him. After the Cardinal leaves, Bosola does not even make it to the door before he is stopped by Julia, who is brandishing a pistol. She accuses him of having given her a love potion, and threatens to kill him to end her love. Bosola manages to disarm her and convince her to gather intelligence for him about the Cardinal. Bosola then hides while Julia uses all of her persuasive powers to get the Cardinal to reveal his part in the death of his sister and her children. The Cardinal then makes Julia swear to keep silent, forcing her to kiss the poisoned cover of a bible, causing her to die almost instantly. Bosola comes out of hiding to confront the Cardinal, although he declares that he still intends to kill Antonio. Giving him a master key, the Cardinal takes his leave. However, once he is alone, Bosola swears to protect Antonio, and goes off to bury Julia's body.
Scene 3—A courtyard outside the same palace: Delio and Antonio are near the Duchess's tomb; as they talk, an echo from the tomb mirrors their conversation. Delio leaves to find Antonio's eldest son, and Antonio leaves to escape the distressing echo of his wife's resting place.
Scene 4—The Cardinal's apartments in Milan: The Cardinal enters, trying to dissuade Pescara, Malateste, Roderigo and Grisolan from staying to keep watch over Ferdinand. He goes so far as to say that he might feign mad fits to test their obedience; if they come to help, they will be in trouble. They unwillingly exit, and Bosola enters to find the Cardinal planning to have him killed. Antonio, unaware of Bosola, sneaks in while it is dark, planning to seek audience with the Cardinal. Not realising who has entered, Bosola attacks Antonio; he is horrified to see his mistake. He manages to relate the death of the Duchess and children to the dying Antonio, who is glad to be dying in sadness, now that life is pointless for him. Bosola then leaves to bring down the Cardinal.
Scene 5—The same apartments, near Julia's lodging: The Cardinal, unaware of what has just happened, is reading a book when Bosola enters with a servant, who is bearing Antonio's body. He threatens the Cardinal, who calls for help. Help is not forthcoming, for the gentlemen from the beginning of the previous scene, while they can hear him calling, have no desire to go to his aid (because of his previous order to not at any cost try to help Ferdinand). Bosola kills the servant of the Cardinal first, and then stabs the Cardinal. Ferdinand bursts in, also attacking his brother; in the fight, he accidentally wounds Bosola. Bosola kills Ferdinand, and is left with the dying Cardinal. The gentlemen who heard the cries now enter the room to witness the deaths of the Cardinal and Bosola. Delio enters too late with Antonio's eldest son, and laments the unfortunate events that have passed.

Sources
Webster's principal source was in William Painter's The Palace of Pleasure (1567), which was a translation of François de Belleforest's French adaptation of Matteo Bandello's Novelle (1554). Bandello had known Antonio Beccadelli di Bologna in Milan before his assassination. He recounted the story of Antonio's secret marriage to Giovanna after the death of her first husband, stating that it brought down the wrath of her two brothers, one of whom, Luigi d'Aragona, was a powerful cardinal under Pope Julius II. Bandello says that the brothers arranged the kidnapping of the Duchess, her maid, and two of her three children by Antonio, all of whom were then murdered. Antonio, unaware of their fate, escaped to Milan with his oldest son, where he was later assassinated by a gang led by one Daniele Bozzolo.Webster's play follows this story fairly faithfully, but departs from the source material by depicting Bozzolo as a conflicted figure who repents, kills Antonio by mistake, then turns on the brothers killing them both. In fact the brothers were never accused of the crime in their lifetimes and died of natural causes.

Main themes
Corruption
A vein of corruption runs throughout the play, notably in the character of the deadly Cardinal, a man ready to employ lesser beings (such as Bosola) to commit murders for him, then cast them aside as rotten fruit. He is no stranger to murder himself, however, as he slays his own mistress by making her kiss a poisoned bible. Antonio describes him thus:

The spring in his face is nothing but the engend'ring of toads; where he is jealous of any man, he lays worse plot for them than ever was impos'd on Hercules, for he strews in his way flatterers, panders, intelligencers, atheists, and a thousand such political monsters.  He should have been Pope; but instead of coming to it by the primitive decency of the church, he did bestow bribes so largely and so impudently as if he would have carried it away without heaven's knowledge. Some good he hath done.
The Cardinal gambles, keeps the wife of one of his courtiers as a mistress, and fights duels. Conspiracy and intrigue are the air he breathes. Duke Ferdinand is his brother's willing conspirator in villainy, and at times his rages shock even the Cardinal's sense of decorum. The Duke's corruption in the end destroys his sanity: incestuous desire for his own sister. Realizing she has married and borne children by Antonio, his rage drives him to do everything in his power to bring his sister to despair, madness and death, but in the end he is driven mad himself.
These two perverse villains destroy or poison all that is within their reach, all semblance of warmth or human affection.

Abuse of power
The brothers repeatedly abuse their power. Ferdinand is caught committing adultery but is not punished. The Cardinal abuses his ecclesiastical powers to have Antonio's property confiscated and to have the Duchess and her family banished from the state of Ancona. Ferdinand and the Cardinal order the death of the Duchess without any proper judgement passed by a court of law.

Status of women and responsibility for the tragedy
The ideal quality her brothers would foist on the Duchess is that of being submissive to (their) male control, though ironically widowhood was often the first time women might be independent of the control of husbands or male relatives. However, the Duchess went against her brothers' wishes and remarried. Her assertion of her freedom of choice is best illustrated in her soliloquy following her conversation with her brothers when they strictly advise her to not even think about remarrying. Immediately after telling her brothers that she will never remarry, she says to herself: "If all my royal kindred / Lay in my way unto this marriage, / I'd make them my low foot-steps." The central conflict of the play involves the Duchess' desire to marry for love and her brothers' desire to prevent her from remarrying (either to inherit her estate and control her choices, or perhaps out of Ferdinand's potentially incestuous love for his sister). Throughout, she refuses to submit to her brothers' attempts at control and even asserts her identity and self-control at the moment of her death, announcing "I am Duchess of Malfi still" (4.2).
The internal struggle faced by the Duchess when fighting her brothers and hiding her marriage was all part of Webster's intention to reflect and refer to the Roman paradigms and Senecan tragedies. This is compelled through the Duchess's speech and actions.

Cruelty
The relationship between the Duchess and her brothers is rooted in cruelty. The brothers often try to manipulate her and drive her mad. This cruelty is first evident when the Cardinal and Ferdinand lock the Duchess in her own home. Ferdinand deceives the Duchess into thinking that he cares: "I come to seal my peace with you. / Here's a hand, / To which you have vowed much love. / The ring upon't / You gave"(4.1 42–44). In the darkness, the Duchess thinks that Ferdinand is asking for her forgiveness when he reaches out his hand, and so she kisses it; when the lights come on she sees the dead bodies of her husband and children, and believes she just kissed her husband's severed hand. But in reality, Ferdinand used wax figures to trick her into thinking her family is dead. This deception and cruelty cause the Duchess physical and emotional torment throughout the play. At the end of the play, the Duchess is strangled at the request of her brothers.

Class
The Duchess argues that high class is not an indicator of a good man. At the time, Italy was moving into capitalism and one no longer needed to be born into wealth to obtain it. Though the Duchess and her brothers are aware of this, her brothers, concerned with wealth and honour, nevertheless strive to dismantle her marriage to Antonio while disapproving of their sister's love life. Ferdinand is particularly obsessed with the idea of inheriting the fortune to which his sister is entitled, because it would protect his social and financial status. Ultimately the Duchess is put to death for remarrying into a lower class.

Objectification
The Duchess is often criticised (Clifford Leech condemned her for her 'irresponsible overturning of a social code') for stepping out of the societal expectations of a widow in sixteenth century England. As a widow, the Duchess gains a new power and independence, which angers her brothers. As a female in a position of power, she is expected to hold the throne and obey the patriarchal figures in the court, specifically her two brothers, the Cardinal and Ferdinand. The Cardinal and Ferdinand are in line to receive the inheritance if the Duchess does not have any children, so controlling her sexual affairs becomes their singular focus. Rather than respecting her autonomy and wishes, they aim to control her sexuality and diminish her independence. In Act I, Scene I, Ferdinand makes this clear when he states, "Nay, / I mean the tongue: variety of courtship. / What cannot a neat knave with a smooth tale / Make a woman believe? Farewell, lusty widow" (1.1.247–250). He is solely focused on preserving her chastity, so he views her as an object, rather than a human being. The continued objectification of the Duchess from her brothers conveys males' perceived ability to control a woman's body in the society of the 16th century.

Theatrical devices
The play makes use of various theatrical devices, some of them derived from Senecan Tragedy which includes violence and bloodshed on the stage. Act III, Scene IV is a mime scene, in which a song is sung in honour of the Cardinal, who gives up his robes and invests himself with the attire of a soldier, and then performs the act of banishing the Duchess. The whole scene is commented upon by two pilgrims, who condemn the harsh behaviour of the Cardinal towards the Duchess. That the scene is set against the backdrop of the Shrine of Our Lady of Loretto, a religious place, adds to its sharp distinction between good and evil, justice and injustice.Act V, Scene iii, features an important theatrical device, echo, which seems to emanate from the grave of the Duchess, in her voice. In its totality, it reads: "Deadly accent. A thing of sorrow. That suits it best. Ay, wife's voice. Be mindful of thy safety. O fly your fate. Thou art a dead thing. Never see her more." The echo repeats the last words of what Antonio and Delio speak, but is selective. It adds to the sense of the inevitability of Antonio's death, while highlighting the role of fate.

Historical staging
Set and props: As this play would have first been produced in the Globe, the set would probably been a bare stage with movable set pieces such as tables, stools, beds, hangings, and altars, all of which would have been stock pieces used in every show. Props would also have been minimal, with essentials like swords, pistols, and candles, and dummies. The traveller and future translator of Castiglione's Cortegiano, Thomas Hoby, together with his friend Peter Whitehorne, translator of Machiavelli's Art of War, were lavishly entertained by a subsequent Duchess of Malfi and her son, Innico, in the Castello di Amalfi in 1550. Hoby was clearly very impressed by the decor, by implication superior to what he was used to in England, describing the chamber in which they were accommodated as: 'hanged with clothe of gold and vellett, wherein were two beddes, th'one of silver worke and the other of vellett, with pillowes bolsters and the shetes curiouslie wrowght with needle worke.'Lighting: Lighting for a theatre like the Globe is completely dependent upon the sun. Performances would occur in the afternoon so as to see the performers, since no other sources of lighting were accessible.
Costumes: This was the Jacobean era, and Renaissance clothing, often hand-me-downs from noble patrons, would have been appropriate during this time. Especially since this play takes place among wealthy, prestigious characters who belong to The Royal Court, there would have been long dresses with elaborate sleeves and headpieces for most female characters, and form fitting tunics for most of the men as a general rule. Men would wear hose and codpieces, very royal members of The Court might wear jackets with stuffed (bombast) sleeves, and both men and women would be able to wear clothing with some type of colour to it. Due to the sumptuary laws, deep purple was restricted to the nobility of the times. During this period, and until the Restoration (1660) women were not generally accepted on stage. Because of this, the roles of women were played by apprentice boys or the younger men. Padding would be built into their costumes, their heads would be adorned with wigs, and extra make-up would be applied to their faces.

The 1623 quarto
The Duchess of Malfi was first performed between 1613 and 1614 by the King's Men, an acting group to which Shakespeare belonged. The printer was Nicholas Okes and the publisher was John Waterson. However, the play was not printed in quarto (a smaller, less expensive edition than the larger folio) until 1623. The title page of this particular edition tells us that the play was printed privately. The title page also informs readers that the play text includes numerous passages that were cut for performance. The 1623 quarto is the only substantive version of the play in circulation today, and modern editions and productions are based on it. Notable is that, on the title page of the 1623 quarto, a clear distinction is drawn between the play in performance and the play as a text to be read.

Reception and performance history
The play was written for and performed by the King's Men in 1613 or 1614. The double cast lists included in the 1623 quarto suggest a revival around 1619. Contemporary reference also indicated that the play was performed in 1618, for in that year Orazio Busino, the chaplain to the Venetian ambassador to England, complained of the play's treatment of Catholics in the character of the Cardinal.
The quarto's cast list allows more precision about casting than is usually available. Richard Burbage and Joseph Taylor successively played Ferdinand to Henry Condell's Cardinal. John Lowin played Bosola; William Ostler was Antonio. Boy player Richard Sharpe played the title role not in the original 1612 production, presumably due to his age, but in the revival of 1619–23. Nicholas Tooley played Forobosco, and Robert Pallant doubled numerous minor roles, including Cariola.
The quarto title page announces that the play was performed at both the Globe Theatre and at Blackfriars; however, in tone and in some details of staging (particularly the use of special lighting effects) the play is clearly meant primarily for the indoor stage. Robert Johnson, a regular composer for Blackfriars, wrote incidental music for the play and composed a setting for the "madmen's song" in Act 4.The play is known to have been performed for Charles I at the Cockpit-in-Court in 1630; there is little reason to doubt that it was performed intermittently throughout the period.
The play remained current through the first part of the Restoration. Samuel Pepys reports seeing the play several times; it was performed by the Duke of York's company under Thomas Betterton.
By the early eighteenth century, Webster's violence and sexual frankness had gone out of taste. In 1733, Lewis Theobald wrote and directed an adaptation, The Fatal Secret; the play imposed neoclassical unities on the play, for instance by eliminating the Duchess's child and preserving the Duchess at the end. By mid-century, the play had fallen, with Webster, out of the repertory, where it stayed until the Romantic revival of Charles Lamb and William Hazlitt.
In 1850, after a generation of critical interest and theatrical neglect, the play was staged by Samuel Phelps at Sadler's Wells, with Isabella Glyn in the title role. The text was adapted by Richard Henry Horne. The production was favourably reviewed by The Athenaeum; George Henry Lewes, however, registered disapproval of the play's violence and what he termed its shoddy construction: "Instead of 'holding the mirror up to nature,' this drama holds the mirror up to Madame Tussauds." These would become the cornerstones of criticisms of Webster for the next century. Still, the play was popular enough for Glyn to revive her performance periodically for the next two decades.
Shortly after, Duchess came to the United States. Working with Horne's text, director James Stark staged a production in San Francisco; this version is noteworthy for a sentimental apotheosis Stark added, in which the Duchess and Ferdinand are reunited in heaven. The most popular American productions, however, were produced by Wilmarth Waller and his wife Emma.
William Poel staged the play at the Opera Comique in 1892, with Mary Rorke as the Duchess and Murray Carson as Bosola. Poel's playscript followed Webster's text closely apart from scene rearrangements; however, reaction had set in, and the production received generally scathing reviews. William Archer, England's chief proponent of Ibsen's new drama, took advantage of the occasion to lambast what he saw as the overestimation of Elizabethan theatre in general.
In 1919, the Phoenix Society revived the play in London for the first time in two decades. The production featured Cathleen Nesbitt as the Duchess; Robert Farquharson played Ferdinand. The production was widely disparaged. For many of the newspaper critics, the failure indicated that Webster had become a "curio"; T. S. Eliot, conversely, argued that the production had failed to uncover the elements that made Webster a great dramatist—specifically his poetry. A 1935 production at the Embassy Theatre received similarly negative reviews; Ivor Brown noted that the audience left "rather with superior smiles than with emotional surrender." In 1938, a production was broadcast on BBC television; it was no better received than the previous two stage productions.
In 1937, it was performed in Dublin, Ireland, at the Abbey Theatre, with incidental music composed by Arthur Duff.
In the aftermath of World War II, George Rylands directed a production at the Haymarket Theatre that at last caught the public mood. John Gielgud, as Ferdinand, accentuated the element of incestuous passion in that character's treatment of the Duchess (played by Peggy Ashcroft). Cecil Trouncer was Bosola. Edmund Wilson was perhaps the first to note that the play struck an audience differently in the wake of the revelation of the Holocaust; this note is, from 1945 on, continually struck in discussions of the appropriateness of Webster for the modern age. A 1946 production on Broadway did not fare as well; Rylands attempted to duplicate his London staging with John Carradine as Ferdinand and Elisabeth Bergner as the Duchess. W. H. Auden adapted Webster's text for the modern audience. However, the production's most notable innovation was in the character of Bosola, which was played by Canada Lee in whiteface. The production received savage reviews from the popular press, and it fared little better in the literary reviews.
The first successful postwar performance in America was staged at the off-Broadway Phoenix Theatre in 1957. Directed by Jack Landau, who had earlier staged a brief but well-reviewed White Devil, the production emphasised (and succeeded as) Grand Guignol. As Walter Kerr put it, "Blood runs right over the footlights, spreads slowly up the aisle and spills well out into Second Avenue."
Ashcroft returned as the Duchess in a 1960 production at the Aldwych Theatre. The play was directed by Donald McWhinnie; Eric Porter played Ferdinand and Max Adrian the Cardinal. Patrick Wymark played Bosola. The production received generally favourable but lukewarm reviews. In 1971, Clifford Williams directed the play for the Royal Shakespeare Company. Judi Dench took the title role, with Geoffrey Hutchings as Bosola and Emrys James as the Cardinal. Dench's husband Michael Williams played Ferdinand, casting which highlighted the sexual element of the play's siblings.
In 1980, Adrian Noble directed the play at the Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester. This production received excellent notices; it was transferred to London, where it won the London Drama Critic's Award for best play. Helen Mirren played the title role; Mike Gwilym played Ferdinand, and Bob Hoskins played Bosola. Pete Postlethwaite was Antonio. Mirren's performance received special acclaim.
The actor-centred troupe led by Ian McKellen and Edward Petherbridge chose Webster's play as one of their first productions. The production opened in January 1986 in the Lyttelton Theatre of the Royal National Theatre and was directed and designed by Philip Prowse. The staging was highly stylised, the scenic backdrop segmented, and the actors' movements tightly controlled. The result, as Jarka Burian noted, was "a unified, consistent mise-en-scene...without enough inner turbulence to create a completely satisfying theatre experience." Eleanor Bron played the Duchess; McKellen played Bosola, Jonathan Hyde Ferdinand, and Petherbridge the Cardinal.
In 1995, Juliet Stevenson and Simon Russell-Beale played the Duchess and Ferdinand respectively in a production at Greenwich Theatre, directed by Philip Franks.In 2010, the production was staged for Stage on Screen at the Greenwich Theatre, London. It was directed by Elizabeth Freestone and starred Aislin McGuckin in a production that set the play in the first half of the twentieth century. In The Guardian, the reviewer noted that 'Much of the pleasure of this revival lies in re-encountering Webster's language...full of savage poetry.' The production is now available on DVD.
In July 2010, English National Opera and Punchdrunk collaborated to stage the production, which had been commissioned by the ENO from composer Torsten Rasch. The production was staged in a promenade style and performed at a mysterious vacant site at Great Eastern Quay in London's Royal Albert Basin.
From March to June 2012, London's Old Vic Theatre staged a production, directed by Jamie Lloyd and starring, amongst others, Eve Best.
In January 2014, Shakespeare's Globe staged a production  directed by Dominic Dromgoole and starring Gemma Arterton as the Duchess, James Garnon as the Cardinal, David Dawson as Ferdinand, Alex Waldmann as Antonio, and Sean Gilder as Bosola. It was the first production performed in the Globe's Sam Wanamaker Playhouse. The production was filmed and broadcast on BBC4 on 25 May 2014. This production coincided with a representation of the aforementioned Theobald text of 1736 as part of the Globe's Read Not Dead series – directed by David Oakes.In 2018, a production was staged in Stratford-upon-Avon by the Royal Shakespeare Company.

Media adaptations
Opera – Stephen Oliver's The Duchess of Malfi, staged at Oxford in 1971.
Opera - Stephen Douglas Burton's The Duchess of Malfi, completed in 1978
Television – In 1972, produced by the BBC
Television – A Question of Happiness #1: A Question About Hell, an adaptation by Kingsley Amis in which the names of all the characters are changed
Audio – In 1980, produced by the BBC.
Radio – on BBC Third Programme, 16 May 1954, with Peggy Ashcroft as the Duchess and Paul Scofield as Ferdinand.
Radio – In 1988 on Australia's ABC, with Fay Kelton as the Duchess.
Radio – on BBC Radio 3, 8/11/1992, with Fiona Shaw in the title role, Roger Allam and John Shrapnel.
Radio – on BBC Radio 3, 12/10/2008, with Sophie Okonedo as the Duchess.
Radio – on BBC Radio 3, 11/07/2021, with Pippa Nixon as the Duchess.
Recording – (excerpts only) In 1952, read by Dylan Thomas by Caedmon
Recording – (full dramatisation) In 1969 by Caedmon starring Barbara Jefford as the Duchess, Alec McCowen as Ferdinand, Robert Stephens as Bosola and Jeremy Brett as Antonio.
DVD – 2010, Stage on Screen, with Aislin McGuckin (Duchess), Tim Treloar (Bosola), Tim Steed (Ferdinand) and Mike Hadfield (Cardinal).
Television – 2014. BBC, starring Gemma Arterton, David P. Dawson, James Garnon, Sean Gilder, Alex Waldmann, Denise Gough.
Film - Upcoming film will stars Morfydd Clark and Sam Riley

In popular culture
Sleeping Murder by Agatha Christie (Williams, Collins Sons & Co Ltd. 1976) uses the lines Cover her face; mine eyes dazzle; she died young as the novel's central refrain.
A fragment of Scene 2, Act 4 of the play, with Struan Rodger as Ferdinand and Donald Burton as Bosola, is shown in the 1987 BBC TV film version of Agatha Christie's detective novel Sleeping Murder.
Cover Her Face by P. D. James (initial copyright 1962) uses the first part of the quote as the title and as a comment made by the first witness on the scene of a young murdered woman.
The Skull Beneath the Skin by P. D. James centres around an aging actress who plans to perform The Duchess of Malfi in a Victorian castle theatre. The novel takes its title from T. S. Eliot's famous characterisation of Webster's work in his poem 'Whispers of Immortality'.
In the culmination of John le Carré's Call for the Dead, Smiley is reported to have been quoting from The Duchess of Malfi in his delirium – "I bade thee when I was distracted of my wits go kill my dearest friend, and thou hast done it", according to Peter Guillam.
Queen of the Damned by Anne Rice uses the lines Cover her face. Mine eyes dazzle. She died young, as a quote from Lestat to his vampire child, Claudia.
Stephen Fry's novel The Stars' Tennis Balls takes its title from Bosola's line in the play.
Hotel by Mike Figgis involves a film crew trying to make a Dogme film of The Duchess of Malfi. The actors playing the Duchess, Antonio and Bosola are played by Saffron Burrows, Max Beesley and Heathcote Williams. The play is abbreviated and made into a 'McMalfi' script by Heathcote Williams.
In the novel Too Many Clients by Rex Stout, a character that does not want to tell his name quotes Other sins only speak; murder shrieks out. The quotation allows Nero Wolfe to find him.
In the Oxford University Film Foundation's 1982 film Privileged, the students produce and rehearse lines from the play.
Echo & the Bunnymen mentioned this play along with John Webster and The White Devil in their song "My White Devil" on their Porcupine album.
Volume 2 of Anthony Powell's A Dance to the Music of Time includes a visit to a performance of the play, where the minor character Moreland is in love with the actress playing Julia.
In T. H. White's novel The Once and Future King (1958), the character Cully quotes from the play: "Why, but two nights since, one met the duke 'bout midnight in a lane behind Saint Mark's Church, with the leg of a man upon his shoulder: and he howled fearfully."
Angela Carter drew inspiration for her werewolf stories, The Company of Wolves and Wolf-Alice, in The Bloody Chamber from The Duchess of Malfi, most notably the line "hairy on the inside", but also "the howling of the wolf is music to the screech-owl", and  "I'll go hunt the badger by owl-light. 'Tis a deed of darkness."
In "Death's Shadow," season 2, episode 1 of Midsomer Murders, Detective Chief Inspector Barnaby's actress daughter, Cully, rehearses lines from the play.
In Ngaio Marsh's 1959 novel Singing in the Shrouds, Mr. Merryman, a retired school teacher and one of several passengers suspected of being a serial killer, argues that The Duchess of Malfi is better than  Hamlet or Macbeth and that Othello is much better than all of them.

Notes
References
External links
The Duchess of Malfi at Standard Ebooks

 The Duchess of Malfi at Project Gutenberg
 The Duchess of Malfi public domain audiobook at LibriVox
The Duchess of Malfi at the Internet Broadway Database
Web links for Webster and his plays
The Duchess of Malfi Resource Page
Summary of John Webster’s The Duchess of MalfiLlanycil is a community in the county of Gwynedd, Wales, near Bala, and is 99.9 miles (160.7 km) from Cardiff and 176.2 miles (283.6 km) from London. In 2011 the population of Llanycil was 416 with 80.4% of them able to speak Welsh. The community includes the small settlements of Parc, Rhyd-uchaf and Llidiardau.
It is a very sparsely populated community covering about 83 square kilometres. The mountain Arenig Fawr is within the community.The former church in the community was dedicated to St Beuno and now houses the Mary Jones World heritage centre. Thomas Charles (1755-1814) of Bala, the Calvinistic Methodist minister and founder of the British and Foreign Bible Society, is buried in the village churchyard. The hamlet of Parc, Llanycil is known for the branch of the Women's Institute which in 1967 broke away when the movement began to insist on the English language, and founded Merched y Wawr, which uses solely Welsh.

References
See also
Betsi Cadwaladr
List of localities in Wales by populationTzvi Erez (born 1963, Israel) is an Israeli–Canadian pianist. He was born in Israel and began his piano studies at the age of six. He moved to Canada and graduated from The Royal Conservatory of Music, where he trained with Mildred Kenton, Andrew Burashko, and Antonin Kubalek. Erez has released over 33 albums worldwide, including Bach’s Well-Tempered Clavier, Partita 2, Goldberg Variations, Two-Part Inventions; Beethoven’s Piano Works, Sonatas, Piano Concerto No. 3; Chopin’s Complete Ballades, Etudes, Preludes, Piano Concertos No. 1 & 2; Debussy’s Suite Bergamasque; Liszt Piano Recital; Erik Satie’s Gymnopedies, Gnossiennes, and Cold Pieces; Mussorgsky’s Pictures at an Exhibition; Essential Classics, Masterpieces, Sentimental, Mozart’s Piano Sonatas, Rachmaninoff's Concerto No. 2 & 3, the Grieg Piano Concerto, the Robert Schumann Piano Concerto, the Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto, and others. Erez is active in new classical recordings, teaching piano performance and classical music research. He also assists artists in production and produced several film scores and music for television shows.DISCOGRAPHY of Tzvi ErezFrederic Chopin: Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Minor, Op. 21 (2021)
J.S. Bach: The Two-Part Inventions (BWV 772-786) (2020)
Frederic Chopin: Piano Concerto No. 1 in E Minor, Op. 11 (2020)
Frederic Chopin: Études (2020)
Bach/Marcello: Adagio BWV 974 (2020)
J.S. Bach: The Goldberg-Variations, BWV 988 (2020)
Beethoven 2020 (2020)
Sergei Rachmaninov: Piano Concerto No. 3 (2020)
Ludwig van Beethoven: Piano Concerto no. 3 in C Minor, Op. 37 (2019)
Frederic Chopin: CHOPIN: The Live Concert (2019)
Ludwig van Beethoven: Tzvi Erez Live at Glenn Gould Studio (2019)
Robert Schumann: Piano Concerto in A Minor, Op. 54 & Kinderszenen (2019)
Sergei Rachmaninov: Piano Concerto No. 2 (2017)
Edvard Grieg: Piano Concerto in A Minor (2017)
Frederic Chopin: Ballades, Polonaise & Nocturnes (2016)
Amor (2016)
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: The Piano Sonatas & Fantasie (2015)
Masterpieces (2015)
Claude Debussy: Spaces (2015)
George Gershwin: Tzvi Erez plays Rhapsody in Blue (2015)
J.S. Bach: Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565 (2014)
Essential Classics: The Piano & Orchestral Recordings (2014)
Ludwig van Beethoven: Piano Sonatas & 32 Variations on a Theme (2013)
Ludwig van Beethoven: The Last Piano Sonata, Opus 111 (2013)
Frederic Chopin: 24 Preludes, Opus 28 (2013)
Franz Liszt: Piano Recital (2013)
Erik Satie: Gymnopedies, Gnossiennes & Cold Pieces (2013)
Sentimental (2013)
Frederic Chopin: Nocturnes & Orchestrations (2012)
Frederic Chopin: The Etudes (2012)
J.S. Bach: Bach: Live in Concert (2012)
Claude Debussy: Suite Bergamasque (2012)
Mussorgsky: Pictures at an Exhibition (2012)
J.S. Bach: The Well-Tempered Clavier, Book 1, BWV 846-869 (2011)
J. S. Bach: Siciliano from Flute Concerto in B minor, BWV 1031 (2011)
J.S. Bach: The Goldberg-Variations, BWV 988 (2010)
J.S. Bach: Partita 2 in C Minor, BWV 826 (2010)
Frederic Chopin: Tzvi Erez plays Chopin (2003)
Ludwig van Beethoven: Beethoven Piano Works (2000)


Altitude is a multiplayer 2D aerial combat video game developed by American independent software developers Erik Measure and Karl Sabo.  The game was released on May 1, 2009 for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.  It became available on Steam on December 4, 2009. It has become a free game in 2014, from the previous 9.99 price.

Gameplay
Players control one of five customizable aircraft and battle in teams across 2D landscapes.  As a player gains experience in battle they unlock new planes and customizations called perks.  The game has been described by the press as a cross between Teeworlds, Team Fortress 2 and a role-playing video game.Altitude is primarily an online game with some offline skirmish options and bot support. There are several modes, and plane customizations.

Game modes
Free For All (ffa)
The players compete in a timed deathmatch, competing for the highest number of kills.

Team Deathmatch (tdm)
The players are divided into two teams, competing for the highest kill total in a specified amount of time.

Team Base Destruction (tbd)
In Team Base Destruction or TBD, players try to use a special bomb to destroy the enemy's base while protecting their own bases from the bomb. Planes must pick up the bomb and "bomb run" it into enemy territory with or without escorts to score a hit on the enemy's base. The bomb runners are always at a disadvantage due to the fact that a plane carrying a bomb is slowed down which makes it more vulnerable to enemies. bombs spawn at either base and can only be used by that team and will be simply disarmed instead of picked up or spawn in the middle of the map where any team can use it. if the bomb hits something else other than a base it will most likely instakill it due to the fact that the bomb does extremely large amounts of damage.

Ball
Ball mode utilizes a single persistent ball and a goal for each team. Every time a goal is scored all planes are reset and the ball is given to the team that just conceded the goal. At the beginning of the match the ball is placed in the middle of the map. The winning team is the team that reaches 6 goals first, or once a timer expires. A plane that carries the ball is slowed down, much like in Team base destruction.

One life deathmatch (1dm)
This game mode is similar to normal deathmatch, with the exception that players will not respawn until the round is completed.
Its objective is to be the last plane left alive. There is also a round time limit.

One life demolition (1de)
The one life demolition game type sets up the teams in an attack/defense scenario, where one team has to plant a bomb on the defender team's base, and the defenders have to stop them. The teams switch places after a number of rounds, swapping the attackers and defenders.

One life team base destruction (1bd)
The one life tbd mode is similar to the normal tbd type, but with one life per round. The one life game types are all round based.

Reception
Altitude received favorable reviews and has attained an overall score of 79 out of 100, based on 6 reviews, on aggregate website Metacritic.
PC Zone magazine in the UK commented that it is "a great little indie game, it's cheap and you really should play it."
IT Reviews called it "the perfect lunch break filler, with its fast paced action and quick turnaround matches."
AceGamez said that "Altitude's simple premise hides behind a deceptively difficult game, but one that's easily learned and enjoyable to engage in." The site added "more might have been better, but what is here does last, just so long as it's taken in the right doses."
Finalist at the 2010 Penny Arcade Expo
Winner of Technical Achievement and Gamer's Choice Awards at the 2010 Indie Game Challenge

References
External links
Official website
Official forums
Official WikiBengali Market is among the oldest and most popular markets in New Delhi, India. The actual name of the market is Bangali Mal Market, but over the years it has come to be known as just Bengali Market, though it has nothing to do with the Indian state of West Bengal. It was built by Bengali Mal Lohia in 1930. It is a relatively small market, comprising several stores situated in a circular manner around a traffic roundabout. Today, it is famous for its North Indian street food, and shops selling sweets such as Nathu's Sweets (sp.channa Bhature) and Bengali Sweet House.Around 2000 families live in the immediate surrounding posh residential area, which is officially named Babar Road, however this area is also popularly referred to as Bengali Market. The Bengali Market area also includes Triveni Kala Sangam and Mandi House.

Neighbouring areas
It is a cultural hub with many theatres, art galleries & important government buildings like Triveni Kala Sangam, National Museum for Natural History, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry - FICCI, Lalit Kala Academi, Shriram centre for Performing Arts, Kamani Auditorium, National School of Drama, National Green Tribunal etc.
This area is approx. 1km from Delhi's iconic British era market Connaught Place and less than 3 km from seat of Indian Government around the India Gate area. Bengali market along with its neighbouring areas fall under the greater area of Lutyen's Delhi and has the very first pincode in India 110001.

Transport
The nearest Delhi Metro station is Mandi House. The Delhi Metro station of Barakhamba road is also near by.

Babar Road Controversy
Hindu Sena defaced Babar Road signage at Bengali Market, demanding it to be renamed. They claim that Babar did not belong to the country and was 'atrocious'. BJP leader, Vijay Goel claimed that the road will be renamed as '5 August Marg' in honor of Prime Minister Narendra Modi laying the foundation stone of Ram Temple in Ayodhya.

References
External links
Bengali Market at wikimapiaUSS Sentry may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:

USS Sentry (AM-299), was an  Admirable-class minesweeper, launched in 1943; struck in 1962, and transferred to Vietnam as RVN Ky Hoa (HQ-09).
USS Sentry (MCM-3), is an  Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship, launched in 1986 and currently in serviceJean Reinhardt (23 January 1910 – 16 May 1953), known by his Romani nickname Django (French: [dʒãŋɡo ʁɛjnaʁt] or [dʒɑ̃ɡo ʁenɑʁt]), was a Belgian-born Romani-French jazz guitarist and composer. He was one of the first major jazz talents to emerge in Europe and has been hailed as one of its most significant exponents.With violinist Stéphane Grappelli, Reinhardt formed the Paris-based Quintette du Hot Club de France in 1934. The group was among the first to play jazz that featured the guitar as a lead instrument. Reinhardt recorded in France with many visiting American musicians, including Coleman Hawkins and Benny Carter, and briefly toured the United States with Duke Ellington's orchestra in 1946. He died suddenly of a stroke in 1953 at the age of 43.
Reinhardt's most popular compositions have become standards within gypsy jazz, including "Minor Swing", "Daphne", "Belleville", "Djangology", "Swing '42", and "Nuages". Jazz guitarist Frank Vignola claims that nearly every major popular-music guitarist in the world has been influenced by Reinhardt. Over the last few decades, annual Django festivals have been held throughout Europe and the U.S., and a biography has been written about his life. In February 2017, the Berlin International Film Festival held the world premiere of the French film Django.

Biography
Early life
Reinhardt was born on 23 January 1910 in Liberchies, Pont-à-Celles, Belgium, into a Belgian family of Manouche Romani descent. His father, Jean Eugene Weiss, domiciled in Paris with his wife, went by Jean-Baptiste Reinhardt, his wife's surname, to avoid French military conscription. His mother, Laurence Reinhardt, was a dancer. The birth certificate refers to "Jean Reinhart, son of Jean Baptiste Reinhart, artist, and Laurence Reinhart, housewife, domiciled in Paris".A number of authors have repeated the claim that Reinhardt's nickname, Django, is Romani for "I awake";: 4–5  however, it may also simply have been a diminutive, or local Walloon version, of "Jean". Reinhardt spent most of his youth in Romani encampments close to Paris, where he started playing the violin, banjo and guitar. He became adept at stealing chickens.: 5 : 14  His father reportedly played music in a family band comprising himself and seven brothers; a surviving photograph shows this band including his father on piano.
Reinhardt was attracted to music at an early age, first playing the violin. At the age of 12 he received a banjo-guitar as a gift. He quickly learned to play, mimicking the fingerings of musicians he watched, who would have included local virtuoso players of the day such as Jean "Poulette" Castro and Auguste "Gusti" Malha, as well as from his uncle Guiligou, who played violin, banjo and guitar.: 28  Reinhardt was able to make a living playing music by the time he was 15, busking in cafés, often with his brother Joseph. At this time, he had not started playing jazz, although he had probably heard and had been intrigued by the version of jazz played by American expatriate bands like Billy Arnold's.He received little formal education and acquired the rudiments of literacy only in adult life.: 13

Marriage and injury
At the age of 17, Reinhardt married Florine "Bella" Mayer, a girl from the same Romani settlement, according to Romani custom (although not an official marriage under French law).: 9  The following year he recorded for the first time.: 9  On these recordings, made in 1928, Reinhardt plays the "banjo" (actually the banjo-guitar) accompanying the accordionists Maurice Alexander, Jean Vaissade and Victor Marceau, and the singer Maurice Chaumel. His name was now drawing international attention, such as from British bandleader Jack Hylton, who came to France just to hear him play.: 10  Hylton offered him a job on the spot, and Reinhardt accepted.: 10 Before he had a chance to start with the band, however, Reinhardt nearly died. On the night of 2 November 1928, Reinhardt was going to bed in the wagon that he and his wife shared in the caravan. He knocked over a candle, which ignited the extremely flammable celluloid that his wife used to make artificial flowers. The wagon was quickly  engulfed in flames. The couple escaped, but Reinhardt suffered extensive burns over half his body. During his 18-month hospitalization, doctors recommended amputation for his badly damaged right leg. Reinhardt refused the surgery and was eventually able to walk with the aid of a cane.: 10 More crucial to his music, the fourth finger (ring finger) and fifth finger (little) of Reinhardt's left hand were badly burned. Doctors believed that he would never play guitar again.: 43–44   : 10  Reinhardt applied himself intensely to relearning his craft, however, making use of a new guitar bought for him by his brother, Joseph Reinhardt, who was also an accomplished guitarist. While he never regained the use of those two fingers, Reinhardt regained his musical mastery by focusing on his left index and middle fingers, using the two injured fingers only for chord work.: 31–35 Within a year of the fire, in 1929, Bella Mayer gave birth to their son, Henri "Lousson" Reinhardt. Soon thereafter, the couple split up. The son eventually took the surname of his mother's new husband. As Lousson Baumgartner, the son himself became an accomplished musician who would go on to record with his biological father.

Discovery of jazz
After parting from his wife and son, Reinhardt traveled throughout France, getting occasional jobs playing music at small clubs. He had no definite goals, living a hand-to-mouth existence,  spending his earnings as quickly as he made them.: 11  Accompanying him on his travels was his new girlfriend, Sophie Ziegler. Nicknamed "Naguine," she and Reinhardt were distant cousins.: 11 During the years after the fire, Reinhardt was rehabilitating and experimenting on the guitar that his brother had given him. After having played a broad spectrum of music, he was introduced to American jazz by an acquaintance, Émile Savitry, whose record collection included such musical luminaries as Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, and Joe Venuti and Eddie Lang. (In 1928, Grappelli was a member of the orchestra at the Ambassador Hotel while bandleader Paul Whiteman and Joe Venuti were performing there. The swinging sound of Venuti's jazz violin and Eddie Lang's virtuosic guitar anticipated the more famous sound of Reinhardt and Grappelli's later ensemble.) Hearing their music triggered in Reinhardt a vision and goal of becoming a jazz professional.: 12 While developing his interest in jazz, Reinhardt met Stéphane Grappelli, a young violinist with similar musical interests. He and Grappelli frequently jammed together, accompanied by a loose circle of other musicians.: 26

Formation of the quintet
From 1934 until the outbreak of World War II in 1939, Reinhardt and Grappelli worked together as the principal soloists of their newly formed quintet, the Quintette du Hot Club de France, in Paris. It became the most accomplished and innovative European jazz group of the period.Reinhardt's brother Joseph and Roger Chaput also played on guitar, and Louis Vola was on bass.: 45–49  The Quintette was one of the few well-known jazz ensembles composed only of stringed instruments.: 64–66 In Paris on 14 March 1933, Reinhardt recorded two takes each of "Parce que je vous aime" and "Si, j'aime Suzy", vocal numbers with lots of guitar fills and guitar support. He used three guitarists along with an accordion lead, violin, and bass. In August 1934, he made other recordings with more than one guitar (Joseph Reinhardt, Roger Chaput, and Reinhardt), including the first recording by the Quintette. In both years the great majority of their recordings featured a wide variety of horns, often in multiples, piano, and other instruments, but the all-string instrumentation is the one most often adopted by emulators of the Hot Club sound.
Decca Records in the United States released three records of Quintette tunes with Reinhardt on guitar, and one other, credited to "Stephane Grappelli & His Hot 4 with Django Reinhardt", in 1935.Reinhardt also played and recorded with many American jazz musicians, such as Adelaide Hall, Coleman Hawkins, Benny Carter, and Rex Stewart (who later stayed in Paris). He participated in a jam session and radio performance with Louis Armstrong. Later in his career, Reinhardt played with Dizzy Gillespie in France. Also in the neighborhood was the artistic salon R-26, at which Reinhardt and Grappelli performed regularly as they developed their unique musical style.In 1938, Reinhardt's quintet played to thousands at an all-star show held in London's Kilburn State auditorium.: 92  While playing, he noticed American film actor Eddie Cantor in the front row. When their set ended, Cantor rose to his feet, then went up on stage and kissed Reinhardt's hand, paying no concern to the audience.: 93  A few weeks later the quintet played at the London Palladium.: 93

Second World War
When World War II broke out, the original quintet was on tour in the United Kingdom. Reinhardt returned to Paris at once,: 98–99  leaving his wife in the UK. Grappelli remained in the United Kingdom for the duration of the war. Reinhardt re-formed the quintet, with Hubert Rostaing on clarinet replacing Grappelli.While he tried to continue with his music, war with the Nazis presented Reinhardt with a potentially catastrophic obstacle, as he was a Romani jazz musician. Beginning in 1933, all German Romani were barred from living in cities, herded into settlement camps, and routinely sterilized. Romani men were required to wear a brown Gypsy ID triangle sewn on their chest,: 168  similar to the pink triangle that homosexuals wore, and much like the yellow Star of David that Jews had to subsequently wear. During the war, Romani were systematically killed in concentration camps.: 169  In France, they were used as slave labour on farms and in factories.: 169  During the Holocaust an estimated 600,000 to 1.5 million Romani throughout Europe were eventually killed.: 154 Hitler and Joseph Goebbels viewed jazz as un-German counterculture.: 154  Nonetheless, Goebbels stopped short of a complete ban on jazz, which now had many fans in Germany and elsewhere.: 157  Official policy towards jazz was much less strict in occupied France, according to author Andy Fry, with jazz music frequently played on both Radio France, the official station of Vichy France, and Radio Paris, controlled by the Germans. A new generation of French jazz enthusiasts, the Zazous, had arisen and swollen the ranks of the Hot Club.: 157  In addition to the increased interest, many American musicians based in Paris during the thirties had returned to the US at the beginning of the war, leaving more work for French musicians. Reinhardt was the most famous jazz musician in Europe at the time, working steadily during the early war years and earning a great deal of money, yet always under threat.
Reinhardt expanded his musical horizons during this period. Using an early amplification system, he was able to work in more of a big-band format, in large ensembles with horn sections. He also experimented with classical composition, writing a Mass for the Gypsies and a symphony. Since he did not read music, Reinhardt worked with an assistant to notate what he was improvising. His modernist piece "Rhythm Futur" was also intended to be acceptable to the Nazis.

In 1943, Reinhardt married his long-term partner Sophie "Naguine" Ziegler in Salbris. They had a son, Babik Reinhardt, who became a respected guitarist.In 1943 the tide of war turned against the Germans, with a considerable darkening of the situation in Paris. Severe rationing was in place, and members of Django's circle were being captured by the Nazis or joining the resistance.
Reinhardt's first attempt at escape from Occupied France led to capture. Fortunately for him, a jazz-loving German, Luftwaffe officer Dietrich Schulz-Köhn, allowed him to return to Paris. Reinhardt made a second attempt a few days later, but was stopped in the middle of the night by Swiss border guards, who forced him to return to Paris again.One of his tunes, 1940's "Nuages", became an unofficial anthem in Paris to signify hope for liberation.: 93  During a concert at the Salle Pleyel, the popularity of the tune was such that the crowd made him replay it three times in a row.: 93  The single sold over 100,000 copies.: 93 Unlike the estimated 600,000 Romani people who were interned and killed in the Porajmos, the Romani Holocaust, Reinhardt survived the war.

United States tour
After the war, Reinhardt rejoined Grappelli in the UK. In the autumn of 1946, he made his first tour in the United States, debuting at Cleveland Music Hall as a special guest soloist with Duke Ellington and His Orchestra. He played with many musicians and composers, such as Maury Deutsch. At the end of the tour, Reinhardt played two nights at Carnegie Hall in New York City; he received a great ovation and took six curtain calls on the first night.
Despite his pride in touring with Ellington (one of two letters to Grappelli relates his excitement), he was not fully integrated into the band. He played a few tunes at the end of the show, backed by Ellington, with no special arrangements written for him. After the tour, Reinhardt secured an engagement at Café Society Uptown, where he played four solos a day, backed by the resident band. These performances drew large audiences.: 138–139  Having failed to bring his usual Selmer Modèle Jazz, he played on a borrowed electric guitar, which he felt hampered the delicacy of his style.: 138  He had been promised jobs in California, but they failed to develop. Tired of waiting, Reinhardt returned to France in February 1947.: 141

After the quintet
After his return, Reinhardt re-immersed himself in Romani life, finding it difficult to adjust to the postwar world. He sometimes showed up for scheduled concerts without a guitar or amplifier, or wandered off to the park or beach. On a few occasions he refused to get out of bed. Reinhardt developed a reputation among his band, fans, and managers as extremely unreliable. He skipped sold-out concerts to "walk to the beach" or "smell the dew.": 145  During this period he continued to attend the R-26 artistic salon in Montmartre, improvising with his devoted collaborator, Stéphane Grappelli.In Rome in 1949, Reinhardt recruited three Italian jazz players (on bass, piano, and snare drum) and recorded over 60 tunes in an Italian studio. He united with Grappelli, and used his acoustic Selmer-Maccaferri. The recording was issued for the first time in the late 1950s.Back in Paris, in June 1950, Reinhardt was invited to join an entourage to welcome the return of Benny Goodman. He also attended a reception for Goodman, who, after the war ended, had asked Reinhardt to join him in the U.S. Goodman repeated his invitation and, out of politeness, Reinhardt accepted. However, Reinhardt later had second thoughts about what role he could play alongside Goodman, who was the "King of Swing", and remained in France.: 251

Final years
In 1951, Reinhardt retired to Samois-sur-Seine, near Fontainebleau, where he lived until his death. He continued to play in Paris jazz clubs and began playing electric guitar. (He often used a Selmer fitted with an electric pickup, despite his initial hesitation about the instrument.) In his final recordings, made with his Nouvelle Quintette in the last few months of his life, he had begun moving in a new musical direction, in which he assimilated the vocabulary of bebop and fused it with his own melodic style.On 16 May 1953, while walking from the Gare de Fontainebleau–Avon Station after playing in a Paris club, he collapsed outside his house from a brain hemorrhage.: 160 
It was a Saturday, and it took a full day for a doctor to arrive.: 161  Reinhardt was declared dead on arrival at the hospital in Fontainebleau, at the age of 43.

Technique and musical approach
Reinhardt developed his initial musical approach via tutoring by relatives and exposure to other gypsy guitar players of the day, then playing the banjo-guitar alongside accordionists in the world of the Paris bal-musettes. He played mainly with a plectrum for maximum volume and attack (particularly in the 1920s-early 30s when amplification in venues was minimal or non-existent), although he could also play fingerstyle on occasion, as evidenced by some recorded introductions and solos. Following his accident in 1928 in which his left hand was severely burned and he lost most of the use of all except his first two fingers, he developed a completely new left hand technique and started performing on guitar accompanying popular singers of the day, before discovering jazz and presenting his new hybrid style of gypsy approach plus jazz to the outside world via the Quintette du Hot Club de France.
Despite his left hand handicap, Reinhardt was able to recapture (in modified form) and then surpass his previous level of proficiency on the guitar (by now his main instrument), not only as a lead instrumental voice but also as a driving and harmonically interesting rhythm player; his virtuosity, incorporating many gypsy-derived influences, was also matched with a superb sense of melodic invention as well as general musicality in terms of choice of notes, timing, dynamics, and utilizing the maximum tonal range from an instrument previously thought of by many critics as potentially limited in expression. Playing completely by ear (he could neither read nor write music), he roamed freely across the full range of the fretboard giving full flight to his musical imagination and could play with ease in any key. Guitarists, particularly in Britain and the United States, could scarcely believe what they heard on the records that the Quintette was making; guitarist, gypsy jazz enthusiast and educator Ian Cruickshank writes:

It wasn't until 1938, and the Quintet's first tour of England, that guitarists [in the U.K.] were able to witness Django's amazing abilities. His hugely innovative technique included, on a grand scale, such unheard of devices as melodies played in octaves, tremolo chords with shifting notes that sounded like whole horn sections, a complete array of natural and artificial harmonics, highly charged dissonances, super-fast chromatic runs from the open bass strings to the highest notes on the 1st string, an unbelievably flexible and driving right-hand, two and three octave arpeggios, advanced and unconventional chords and a use of the flattened fifth that predated be-bop by a decade. Add to all this Django's staggering harmonic and melodic concept, huge sound, pulsating swing, sense of humour and sheer speed of execution, and it is little wonder that guitar players were knocked sideways upon their first encounter with this full-blown genius.
Because of his damaged left hand (his ring and pinky fingers helped little in his playing) Reinhardt had to modify both his chordal and melodic approach extensively. For chords he developed a novel system based largely around 3-note chords, each of which could serve as the equivalent of several conventional chords in different inversions; for the treble notes he could employ his ring and little fingers to fret the relevant high strings even though he could not articulate these fingers independently, while in some chords he also employed his left hand thumb on the lowest string. Within his rapid melodic runs he frequently incorporated arpeggios, which could be played using 2 notes per string (played with his 2 "good" fingers, being his index and middle fingers) while shifting up or down the fingerboard, as opposed to the more conventional "box" approach of moving across strings within a single fretboard position (location). He also produced some of his characteristic "effects" by moving a fixed shape (such as a diminished chord) rapidly up and down the fretboard, resulting in what one writer has called "intervallic cycling of melodic motifs and chords". For an unsurpassed insight into these techniques in use, interested persons should not miss viewing the only known synchronised (sound and vision) footage of Reinhardt in performance, playing on an instrumental version of the song "J'Attendrai" for the short jazz film Le Jazz Hot in 1938–39 (copies available on YouTube and elsewhere).
Meanwhile, Hugues Panassié, in his 1942 book The Real Jazz, wrote:

First of all, his instrumental technique is vastly superior to that of all other jazz guitarists. This technique permits him to play with an inconceivable velocity and makes his instrument completely versatile. Though his virtuosity is stupefying, it is no less so than his creative invention. In his solos [...] his melodic ideas are sparkling and ravishing, and their abundance scarcely gives the listener time to catch his breath. Django's ability to bend his guitar to the most fantastic audacities, combined with his expressive inflections and vibrato, is no less wonderful; one feels an extraordinary flame burning through every note.
Writing in 1945, Billy Neil and E. Gates stated that 

Reinhardt set new standards by an almost incredible and hitherto unthought-of technique ... His ideas have a freshness and spontaneity that are at once fascinating and alluring ... [Nevertheless] The characteristics of Reinhardt's music are primarily emotional. His relative association of experience, reinforced by a profound rational knowledge of his instrument; the guitar's possibilities and limitations; his love for music and the expression of it—all are a necessary adjunct to the means of expressing these emotions.
Django-style enthusiast John Jorgenson has been quoted as saying:

Django's guitar playing always has so much personality in it, and seems to contain such joy and feeling that it is infectious. He also pushes himself to the edge nearly all the time, and rides a wave of inspiration that sometimes gets dangerous. Even the few times he does not quite make his ideas flow out flawlessly it is still so exciting that mistakes don't matter! Django's seemingly never-ending bag of licks, tricks and colors always keep the song interesting, and his intensity level is rarely met by any guitarist. Django's technique was not only phenomenal, but it was personal and unique to him due to his handicap. It is very difficult to achieve the same tone, articulation and clarity using all 5 left hand fingers. It is possible to get closer with only 2 fingers, but again is quite challenging. Probably the thing about this music that makes it always challenging and exciting to play is that Django raised the bar so high, that it is like chasing genius to get close to his level of playing.
In his later style (c.1946 onwards) Reinhardt began to incorporate more bebop influences in his compositions and improvisations, also fitting a Stimer electric pickup to his acoustic guitar. With the addition of amplification, his playing became more linear and "horn like", with the greater facility of the amplified instrument for longer sustain and to be heard in quiet passages, and in general less reliance on his gypsy "bag of tricks" as developed for his acoustic guitar style (also, in some of his late recordings, with a very different supporting group context from his "classic", pre-war Quintette sound). These "electric period" Reinhardt recordings have in general received less popular re-release and critical analysis than his pre-war releases (the latter also extending to the period from 1940 to 1945 when Grappelli was absent, which included some of his most famous compositions such as "Nuages"), but are also a fascinating area of Reinhardt's work to study, and have begun to be revived by players such as the Rosenberg Trio (with their 2010 release "Djangologists") and Biréli Lagrène. Wayne Jefferies, in his article "Django's Forgotten Era", writes:

Early in 1951, armed with his amplified Maccaferri – which he used to the very end – he put together a new band of the best young modern musicians in Paris; including Hubert Fol, an altoist in the Charlie Parker mould. Although Django was twenty years older than the rest of the band, he was completely in command of the modern style. Whilst his solos became less chordal and his lines more Christian-like, he retained his originality. I believe he should be rated much more highly as a be-bop guitarist. His infallible technique, his daring, 'on the edge' improvisations coupled with his vastly advanced harmonic sense, took him to musical heights that Christian and many other Bop musicians never came near. The live cuts from Club St. Germain in February 1951 are a revelation. Django is on top form; full of new ideas that are executed with amazing fluidity, cutting angular lines that always retain that ferocious swing.

Family
Reinhardt's first son, Lousson (a.k.a. Henri Baumgartner), played jazz in a mostly bebop style in the 1950s and 1960s. He followed the Romani lifestyle and was relatively little recorded. Reinhardt's second son, Babik, became a guitarist in a more contemporary jazz style, and recorded a number of albums before his death in 2001. After Reinhardt died, his younger brother Joseph at first swore to abandon music, but he was persuaded to perform and record again. Joseph's son Markus Reinhardt is a violinist in the Romani style.
A third generation of direct descendants has developed as musicians: David Reinhardt, Reinhardt's grandson (by his son Babik), leads his own trio. Dallas Baumgartner, a great-grandson by Lousson, is a guitarist who travels with the Romani and keeps a low public profile. A distant relative, violinist Schnuckenack Reinhardt, became known in Germany as a performer of gypsy music and gypsy jazz up to his death in 2006, and assisted in keeping Reinhardt's legacy alive through the period following Django's death.

Legacy
Reinhardt is regarded as one of the greatest guitar players of all time, and the first important European jazz musician to make a major contribution with jazz guitar. During his career he wrote nearly 100 songs, according to jazz guitarist Frank Vignola.Using a Selmer Guitar in the mid-1930s, his style took on new volume and expressiveness. Despite his physical disability, he played mainly using his index and middle fingers, and invented a distinctive style of jazz guitar.For about a decade after Reinhardt's death, interest in his musical style was minimal. In the fifties, bebop superseded swing in jazz, rock and roll took off, and electric instruments became dominant in popular music. Since the mid-sixties, there has been a revival of interest in Reinhardt's music, a revival that has extended into the 21st century, with annual festivals and periodic tribute concerts. His devotees included classical guitarist Julian Bream and country guitarist Chet Atkins, who considered him one of the ten greatest guitarists of the twentieth century.: cover Jazz guitarists in the U.S., such as Charlie Byrd and Wes Montgomery, were influenced by his style. In fact, Byrd, who lived from 1925 to 1999, said that Reinhardt was his primary influence. Guitarist Mike Peters notes that "the word 'genius' is bantered about too much. But in jazz, Louis Armstrong was a genius, Duke Ellington was another one, and Reinhardt was also." Grisman adds, "As far as I'm concerned, no one since has come anywhere close to Django Reinhardt as an improviser or technician."

The popularity of gypsy jazz has generated an increasing number of festivals, such as the Festival Django Reinhardt held every last weekend of June since 1983 in Samois-sur-Seine (France), the various DjangoFests held throughout Europe and the US, and Django in June, an annual camp for Gypsy jazz musicians and aficionados.Woody Allen's film Sweet and Lowdown (1999), the story of a Django Reinhardt-like character, mentions Reinhardt and includes actual recordings in the film.

Tributes
In February 2017, the Berlin International Film Festival held the world premiere of Django, a French film directed by Etienne Comar. The movie covers Django's escape from Nazi-occupied Paris in 1943 and the fact that even under "constant danger, flight and the atrocities committed against his family", he continued composing and performing. Reinhardt's music was re-recorded for the film by the Dutch jazz band Rosenberg Trio with lead guitarist Stochelo Rosenberg.The documentary film, Djangomania! was released in 2005. The hour-long film was directed and written by Jamie Kastner, who traveled throughout the world to show the influence of Django's music in various countries.In 1984 the Kool Jazz Festival, held in Carnegie Hall and Avery Fisher Hall, was dedicated entirely to Reinhardt. Performers included Grappelli, Benny Carter, and Mike Peters with his group of seven musicians. The festival was organized by George Wein. Reinhardt is celebrated annually in the village of Liberchies, his birthplace.Numerous musicians have written and recorded tributes to Reinhardt. The jazz standard "Django" (1954) was composed by John Lewis of the Modern Jazz Quartet in honour of Reinhardt. The Allman Brothers Band song "Jessica" was written by Dickey Betts in tribute to Reinhardt.Ramelton, Co. Donegal, Ireland, each year hosts a festival in tribute to Django called "Django sur Lennon" or "Django on the Lennon" the Lennon being the name of the local river that runs through the village.
In coincidence with the 110th anniversary in 2020 of Django's birth, a graphic novel depicting his youth years was published under the title Django Main de Feu, by writer Salva Rubio and artist Efa through Belgian publisher Dupuis.

Influence
Many guitar players and other musicians have expressed admiration for Reinhardt or have cited him as a major influence. Jeff Beck described Reinhardt as "by far the most astonishing guitar player ever" and "quite superhuman".Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia and Black Sabbath's Tony Iommi, both of whom lost fingers in accidents, were inspired by Reinhardt's example of becoming an accomplished guitar player despite his injuries. Garcia was quoted in June 1985 in Frets Magazine: 

His technique is awesome! Even today, nobody has really come to the state that he was playing at. As good as players are, they haven't gotten to where he is. There's a lot of guys that play fast and a lot of guys that play clean, and the guitar has come a long way as far as speed and clarity go, but nobody plays with the whole fullness of expression that Django has. I mean, the combination of incredible speed – all the speed you could possibly want – but also the thing of every note have a specific personality. You don't hear it. I really haven't heard it anywhere but with Django.
Denny Laine and Jimmy McCulloch, members of Paul McCartney's band Wings, have mentioned him as an inspiration.

Andrew Latimer, of the band Camel, has stated that he was influenced by Reinhardt.Willie Nelson has been a lifelong Reinhardt fan, stating in his memoir, "This was a man who changed my musical life by giving me a whole new perspective on the guitar and, on an even more profound level, on my relationship with sound...During my formative years, as I listened to Django's records, especially songs like 'Nuages' that I would play for the rest of my life, I studied his technique.  Even more, I studied his gentleness. I love the human sound he gave his acoustic guitar."

Reinhardt in popular culture
Reinhardt's music appears in the 2002 video game Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven.
The film Django, by the French filmmaker Étienne Comar, depicting Reinhardt's life during wartime was released in 2017, with the French actor Reda Kateb performing the role of Reinhardt. It opened the 67th Berlin International Film Festival.
The 2004 film Head in the Clouds features guitarist John Jorgenson as Django Reinhardt in a cameo role.
The Django web framework is named after Reinhardt, as is version 3.1 of the blog software WordPress.
The Belgian government issued a commemorative coin in 92.5% sterling silver in 2010 coinciding with the 100th anniversary of his birth. It is a silver 10-Euro coin with a color image of Reinhardt on the reverse side.
His legacy is referred to in Woody Allen's 1999 Sweet and Lowdown. This spoof biopic features a fictional American guitarist, Emmet Ray, who is obsessed with Reinhardt, with a soundtrack featuring Howard Alden.
Reinhardt appears as a character in the fiction novel The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto (2015) by American author Mitch Albom.
Reinhardt's rendition of "La Mer" appears in the 2007 video game BioShock along with other songs from him.
The animated film The Triplets of Belleville begins with a flashback showing The Triplets of Belleville, a trio of singers, performing on stage in the 1920s, dancing alongside other celebrities, including Josephine Baker and Django Reinhardt.
In 1982's "Tanta til Beate" ("Beate's Aunt"), by the Norwegian singer-songwriter and folk musician, Lillebjørn Nilsen, Reinhardt is hailed several times.

Discography
Releases in his lifetime
Reinhardt recorded over 900 sides in his recording career, from 1928 to 1953, the majority as sides of the then-prevalent 78-RPM records, with the remainder as acetates, transcription discs, private and off-air recordings (of radio broadcasts), and part of a film soundtrack. Only one session (eight tracks) from March 1953 was ever recorded specifically for album release by Norman Granz in the then-new LP format, but Reinhardt died before the album could be released. In his earliest recordings Reinhardt played banjo (or, more accurately, banjo-guitar) accompanying accordionists and singers on dances and popular tunes of the day, with no jazz content, whereas in the last recordings before his death he played amplified guitar in the bebop idiom with a pool of younger, more modern French musicians.
A full chronological listing of his lifetime recorded output is available from the source cited here, and an index of individual tunes is available from the source cited here. A few fragments of film performance (without original sound) also survive, as does one complete performance with sound, of the tune "J'Attendrai" performed with the Quintet in 1938 for the short film Le Jazz Hot.

Posthumous compilations
Since his death, Reinhardt's music has been released on many compilations. Intégrale Django Reinhardt, volumes 1–20 (40 CDs), released by the French company Frémeaux from 2002 to 2005, tried to include every known track on which he played.
The Great Artistry of Django Reinhardt (Clef, 1954)
Parisian Swing (GNP Crescendo, 1965)
Quintet of the Hot Club of France (GNP Crescendo, 1965)
At Club St. Germain (Honeysuckle, 1983)
Swing Guitar (Jass, 1991)
Djano Reinhardt in Brussels (Verve, 1992)
Django Reinhardt & Stephane Grappelli (GNP Crescendo, 1990)
Peche à La Mouche: The Great Blue Star Sessions 1947–1953 (Verve, 1992)
Django's Music (Hep, 1994)
Brussels and Paris (DRG, 1996)
Quintet of the Hot Club of France (Original Jazz Classics, 1997)
Django with His American Friends (DRG, 1998)
The Complete Django Reinhardt HMV Sessions (1998)
The Classic Early Recordings in Chronological Order (2000)
Djangology (Bluebird, 2002)
Intégrale Django Reinhardt (Frémeaux, 2002)
Jazz in Paris: Nuages (2003)
Vol. 2: 1938–1939 (Naxos, 2001)
Swing Guitars Vol. 3 1936–1937 (Naxos, 2003)
Nuages Vol. 6 1940 (Naxos, 2004)
Django on the Radio (2008)
Djangology: Solo and Duet Recordings (2019)

Unrecorded compositions
A small number of waltzes composed by Reinhardt in his youth were never recorded by the composer, but were retained in the repertoire of his associates and several are still played today. They came to light via recordings by Matelo Ferret in 1960 (the waltzes "Montagne Sainte-Genevieve", "Gagoug", "Chez Jacquet" and "Choti"; Disques Vogue (F)EPL7740) and 1961 ("Djalamichto" and "En Verdine"; Disques Vogue (F)EPL7829). The first four are now available on Matelo's CD Tziganskaïa and Other Rare Recordings, released by Hot Club Records (subsequently reissued as Tziganskaïa: The Django Reinhardt Waltzes); "Chez Jacquet" was also recorded by Baro Ferret in 1966.

The names "Gagoug" and "Choti" were reportedly conferred by Django's widow Naguine on request from Matelo, who had learned the tunes without names. Django also worked on composing a Mass for use by the gypsies, which was not completed although an 8-minute extract exists, played by the organist Léo Chauliac for Reinhardt's benefit, via a 1944 radio broadcast; this can be found on the CD release "Gipsy Jazz School" and also on volume 12 of the "Intégrale Django Reinhardt" CD compilation.

See also
Notes
Bibliography
Ayeroff, Stan (1978). Jazz Masters: Django Reinhardt. Consolidated Music Publishers. ISBN 0-8256-4083-0
Cruickshank, Ian (1982). The Guitar Style of Django Reinhardt. Self published. Reprinted as The Guitar Styles of Django Reinhardt and the Gypsies, Music Sales America, 1992, ISBN 978-0-7119-1853-5
Cruickshank, Ian (1994). Django's Gypsies – The Mystique of Django Reinhardt and His People. Ashley Mark Publishing. ISBN 0-872639-06-2, OCLC 32394702
Delaunay, Charles (1961). Django Reinhardt. Da Capo Press. ISBN 0-306-80171-X
Dregni, Michael (2004). Django: The Life and Music of a Gypsy Legend. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-516752-X
Dregni, Michael (2006). Django Reinhardt and the Illustrated History of Gypsy Jazz. Speck Press. ISBN 978-1-933108-10-0
Dregni, Michael (2008). Gypsy Jazz: In Search of Django Reinhardt and the Soul of Gypsy Swing. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-531192-1
Gelly, Dave & Fogg, Rod (2005). Django Reinhardt: Know the Man, Play the Music. Hal Leonard Corp. ISBN 0-87930-837-0
Givan, Benjamin (2010). The Music of Django Reinhardt. University of Michigan Press, Ann Arbor. ISBN 978-0-472-03408-6
Harrison, Max (1999). Django Reinhardt. In Alexander, Charles (ed.): Masters of Jazz Guitar. Balafon Books. ISBN 1-871547-85-7
Jorgenson, John (2004). Intro to Gypsy Jazz Guitar. High View Publications / Flatpicking Guitar Magazine. ISBN 978-0-7866-3914-4
Mongan, Norman (1983). The History of the Guitar in Jazz: Chapter 4: A Gypsy Genius. Oak Publications. ISBN 0-8256-0255-6
Neill, Billy & Gates, E. (compilers) (c. 1945). Discography of the Recorded Works of Django Reinhardt and the Quintette de Hot Club de France. Clifford Essex Music Co. Ltd.
Nelson, Willie; Ritz, David (2016). Pretty Paper. Blue Rider Press. ISBN 978-0-7352-1154-4.
Vernon, Paul (2003). Jean 'Django' Reinhardt: A Contextual Bio-Discography 1910-1953. Ashgate Publishing; reprinted Routledge, 2016. ISBN 978-0-7546-0694-9

References
External links
 Media related to Django Reinhardt at Wikimedia Commons
Django Reinhardt discography at Discogs
Django Reinhardt at IMDbThe Mitchell colonial by-election, 1865 was a by-election held on 25 March 1865 in the electoral district of Mitchell for the Queensland Legislative Assembly.

History
Under the Additional Members Act 1864, the seats of Clermont, Kennedy, Maryborough, Mitchell, Rockhampton and Warrego were created. By-elections to fill the new seats were held on 1 February 1865 (Maryborough and Rockhampton), on 18 March 1865 (Clermont and Kennedy) and on 25 March 1865 (Mitchell and Warrego). John Gore Jones won in Mitchell.

See also
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1863–1867


Events from the year 1763 in Wales.

Incumbents
Lord Lieutenant of Anglesey - Sir Nicholas Bayly, 2nd Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire and Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire – Thomas Morgan
Lord Lieutenant of Caernarvonshire - Thomas Wynn
Lord Lieutenant of Cardiganshire – Wilmot Vaughan, 1st Earl of Lisburne (from 27 July)
Lord Lieutenant of Carmarthenshire – George Rice
Lord Lieutenant of Denbighshire - Richard Myddelton
Lord Lieutenant of Flintshire - Sir Roger Mostyn, 5th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Glamorgan – Other Windsor, 4th Earl of Plymouth
Lord Lieutenant of Merionethshire - William Vaughan
Lord Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire – Henry Herbert, 1st Earl of Powis
Lord Lieutenant of Pembrokeshire – Sir William Owen, 4th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire – Howell GwynneBishop of Bangor – John Egerton
Bishop of Llandaff – John Ewer
Bishop of St Asaph – Richard Newcome
Bishop of St Davids – Samuel Squire

Events
26 January - Herbert Lloyd, MP for Cardigan Boroughs, is created a baronet.
11 October - Hester Lynch Salusbury marries Henry Thrale, against her family's wishes.
5 December - Charles Morgan replaces Thomas Morgan (of Rhiwpera) as MP for Brecon.
Plymouth Ironworks at Merthyr Tydfil established.
Richard Penrhyn is created Baron Penrhyn

Arts and literature
New books
Goronwy Owen, Lewis Morris et al. - Diddanwch Teuluaidd
Tomshone Catty's Tricks

Music
Aaron Williams - The Universal Psalmodist

Births
1 April - John Wynne Griffith, politician (died 1834)
13 April - Robert Nicholl Carne, landowner (died 1849)
August - Peter Bailey Williams, clergyman and author (died 1836)

Deaths
18 May - Robert Williams, politician, about 68
16 July - William Morgan (of Tredegar, younger), politician, 38
25 November - Richard Morris, father of the noted Morris brothers ("Morrisiaid Môn"), 89


Giglio Campese is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio, province of Grosseto. At the time of the 2001 census its population amounted to 154.

Geography
Giglio Campese is located on the north-western coastal side of Giglio Island and it is about 5 km from the municipal seat of Giglio Castello. It is an important seaside resort and one of the three towns on the island – along with Giglio Castello and Giglio Porto.

Main sights
San Rocco (20th century), the main church of the village, it was built in 1993 and it is included in the parish of San Pietro Apostolo in Giglio Castello.
Tower of Campese, built as a coastal defense tower by Cosimo I de' Medici in the late 16th century, it was then transformed into a private house.

See also
Giannutri

References
Further reading
Marco Lambertini, Isola del Giglio. Natura, storia, escursioni via terra e via mare, Pisa, Pacini Editore, 1989.Watunde is a village in Mulshi taluka of Pune District in the state of Maharashtra, India.Talukas surrounding the village are Karjat taluka, Talegaon Dabhade Taluka, Mawal taluka and by Khalapur taluka. Districts closest to the village are Raigad district, Thane district, Mumbai City district and Mumbai Suburban district. Nearest railway stations around the village are  Vadgaon railway station, Begdewadi railway station, Lonavala railway station, Talegaon railway station and Kamshet railway station.

References
External links
Villages in Mulshi taluka
Villages in pune maharashtraGeneral elections were held in Saint Kitts and Nevis on Friday 5 June 2020.The ruling coalition, Team Unity consisting of PAM, CCM and PLP, won a landslide victory with nine out of the eleven directly elected deputies.

Electoral system
Eleven of the fifteen seats in the National Assembly are elected, with the other four members appointed by the Governor-General at some point after the elections. The eleven elected seats are elected in single-member constituencies using plurality voting.

Results
Elected MPs
References
External links
Saint Kitts and Nevis on the Political Database of the Americas
Adam Carr's Election ArchiveJonathan Stokke (born 11 April 1984) is an American tennis coach and former All-American player at Duke University. Jonathan currently resides in Charleston, SC where he coaches highly ranked junior players.

Playing career
College
Stokke graduated from Duke in May, 2006, with a degree in sociology and a certificate in markets and management. In 2006, he earned All-America honors in doubles with teammate Joey Atas. He was a two-time All-ACC selection in 2003 and 2004 and was named the ACC Championship MVP in 2006. He is also the first player in program history to win the ITA National Arthur Ashe Sportsmanship & Leadership Award, claiming the honor in 2006. He also earned the USTA Sportsmanship Award that season. Stokke also picked up numerous academic honors, including a selection to the first ever All-ACC Academic Team and three seasons on the ACC Honor Roll.
In his career at Duke, Stokke played in four straight NCAA Championship tournaments and advanced to the NCAA Round of 16 three times. In 2006 he was a captain on Duke’s ACC championship team. For his career, Stokke had a 93-59 overall singles record and a 113-47 doubles mark. His 113 doubles victories rank him fifth on the all-time Duke list. He was 25-10 in singles and 28-9 in doubles in ACC matches. His 28 doubles wins place him third on the Duke career chart. He was ranked in the top 20 in the ITA in singles and top 10 in doubles during his playing career with the Blue Devils.

Professional
Stokke made his ATP main draw debut at the 2001 US Open in the doubles draw partnering Rajeev Ram. Stokke has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 1255 achieved on September 17, 2001.

Coaching career
Current
Stokke currently works with highly ranked juniors in South Carolina.

Duke (2010-2020)
Stokke joined the Duke men's tennis staff in July, 2010, and served as the associate head coach. He served as an assistant coach for his first five campaigns on staff.
During his Duke tenure, he has been a part of five seasons with 20 or more wins, seven NCAA Team Championship appearances, four NCAA Round of 16 trips and one NCAA quarterfinal. Stokke has also been a part of five ITA Indoor Team Championship appearances and five times hosting an ITA Kick-Off Weekend.
A noted doubles coaching specialist, Stokke’s groups excelled in 2018. He helped Duke capture the doubles point 18 times as the Blue Devils went 14-4 (.778 winning percentage) in those 18 contests.

Wake Forest (2008-2010)
Stokke worked as an assistant women’s tennis coach at Wake Forest University for two years. Stokke directed the Demon Deacons to a 24-27 overall record and an NCAA Championship tournament selection in 2009. He saw two players earn spots on the 2010 All-ACC team, including Martina Pavelec, who also received the ITA Carolina Region Player to Watch award.

Coaching Style
Jonathan Stokke is known for his analytical approach to coaching.

References
External links
Jonathan Stokke at the Association of Tennis Professionals
Jonathan Stokke at the International Tennis FederationThe 1938 Cincinnati Reds season was a season in American baseball. The team finished fourth in the National League with a record of 82–68, 6 games behind the Chicago Cubs.

Offseason
During the off-season, Cincinnati hired Bill McKechnie to manage the club. McKechnie had extensive major league experience as a manager, as he most recently managed the Boston Bees from 1930–37, leading the club to a 560–666 over eight seasons. McKechnie also managed the St. Louis Cardinals from 1928–29, leading the team to a 129–88 record and winning the 1928 National League pennant. McKechnie had his most success as manager with the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1922–26, as he earned a 409–293 record. McKechnie managed the Pirates to the 1925 National League pennant, and won the 1925 World Series as Pittsburgh defeated the Washington Senators in seven games.
On October 4, 1937, the Reds released outfielder Kiki Cuyler following the 1937 season. Cuyler spent three seasons in Cincinnati, where he batted .293 with nine home runs, 128 RBI and 30 stolen bases in 323 games.
The Reds sold centerfielder Hub Walker to the Nashville Volunteers of the Southern Association on December 2. In 78 games with the Reds in 1937, Walker hit .249 with one home run and 19 RBI.
The next day, on December 3, the Reds were involved in a trade with the New York Yankees. Cincinnati sent shortstop Eddie Miller and $40,000 to New York for catcher Willard Hershberger. Hershberger batted .325 with five home runs in 96 games with the Newark Bears of the International League during the 1937 season. Following the acquisition of Hershberger, the Reds sold catcher Gilly Campbell to the Montreal Royals of the International League three days later.
On February 3, the Reds released pitcher Bill Hallahan. Hallahan struggled to a 3–9 record with a 6.14 ERA in 21 games with the Reds during the 1937 season.
The next day, on February 4, Cincinnati purchased second baseman Lonny Frey from the Chicago Cubs. Frey hit .278 with one home run and 22 RBI in 78 games during his only season with Chicago. Previously, Frey played with the Brooklyn Dodgers from 1933–36, where in his best season in 1935, Frey hit .262 with 11 home runs and 77 RBI in 131 games.
In mid-April, the Reds signed pitcher Ray Benge as a free agent. Benge did not play during the 1937 season. In the 1936 season, he earned a record of 8–13 with a 5.49 ERA in 36 games while splitting the season between the Boston Bees and the Philadelphia Phillies. In 1931, Benge enjoyed his best season, as he earned a 14–18 record with a 3.17 ERA in 38 games with the Phillies.

Regular season
Johnny Vander Meer became the only pitcher in major league history to pitch two consecutive no-hitters in 1938.  On June 11, 1938, he no-hit the Boston Bees at Crosley Field. Four nights later, in the first night game played at Ebbets Field, he no-hit the Brooklyn Dodgers. One of two balls that survives from this historic game is in the Seth Swirsky collection. After his double no-hit achievement, Reds' management wanted Vander Meer to change his uniform number to "00." He politely refused.

Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in

Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in

Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts

Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts

Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts

Farm system
References
External links
1938 Cincinnati Reds season at Baseball ReferenceThe Hokukano-Ualapue Complex is a National Historic Landmarked pre-contact archaeological site on several properties adjacent to Hawaii Route 450 in Ualapue, on Molokaʻi island.  The complex includes six heiaus and two fishponds. The complex is one of the most important collections of native Hawaiian sites in Hawaiʻi.  It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1962 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966.

'Ili'ili'ōpae Heiau
The largest and most impressive of the six heiau in the complex is 'Ili'ili'ōpae, the largest heiau on Molokai and the second largest in all Hawaii.  It consists of four tiers, rising to a stone platform measuring 287 feet by 87 feet.  It is located half a mile north of Highway 450, and can be reached by a track up the Mahulepu valley from the highway near milepost 15.
According to legend 'Ili'ili'ōpae Heiau was constructed in a single night with boulders passed from hand to hand along a chain of menehune from the Wailau valley on the north shore.  A hiking trail from the temple to Wailau has now fallen into disuse and is overgrown.

Fish ponds
The two ponds considered part of this complex are Keawanui Pond and Ualapue Pond.  Keawanui Pond is located on the south coast of Molokai, about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of Ualapue.  It is a loko kuapā, or walled pond, which distinctively uses a curved portion of the natural coastline and a small island as part of its isolating barrier.  The barrier wall is pierced in several places by sluice gates.  The second pond, Ualapue Pond, is located on the shore at the eponymous village, and is also a loko kuapa, the seawall built out of coral and basalt.  The wall is 1,575 feet (480 m) long, 4 feet (1.2 m) high, and varies in width from 8 to 19 feet (2.4 to 5.8 m).  There are two sluice gates in the wall.

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Maui County, Hawaii
List of National Historic Landmarks in Hawaii


Enfield South Platform is a former railway station on the Flemington-Campsie Goods Line in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It was used by workers at the nearby Enfield Tarpaulin Factory and also signallers at the nearby Enfield South signal box. The factory was used by the railway to make tarpaulins for covering open wagons. It was decommissioned in 1996.A 2009 report to NSW Ports determined the site of the station contains several artefacts constituting "state significance". The Enfield Intermodal Logistics Centre now exists on the site of Enfield South. Only remnants of the station remain.

Neighbouring stations
Campsie station on the Bankstown railway line is located up whereas the former Enfield Loco Platform is located down from Enfield South.


The Jamaican fig-eating bat (Ariteus flavescens) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is the only living species in the genus Ariteus. The scientific name translates as "yellowish and warlike". There are no recognised subspecies.

Description
Jamaican fig-eating bats are relatively small, with a total length of 5 to 7 centimetres (2.0 to 2.8 in) as adults. Females are noticeably larger than males, weighing an average of 13 grams (0.46 oz), compared with 11 grams (0.39 oz) for males. They have short, broad, wings, and no discernible tail. They have a large and prominent nose-leaf, with a unique twisting shape that allows them to be distinguished from all other species of bat. The fur is reddish brown over most of the body, fading to a paler shade on the underside. The only markings are white patches on each shoulder. Apart from the shape of the nose-leaf, and a smaller overall size, they are said to closely resemble the tree bats of the Antilles.

Biology
The bats are endemic to the island of Jamaica where they inhabit primary and secondary forest throughout the island, as well as banana and coconut plantations and agricultural land. They have also been identified in disturbed habitats, indicating a degree of adaptability to different environments, and justifying their current status as a species of Least Concern. The fossil record of the species extends back to the late Pleistocene.Jamaican fig-eating bats are not thought to inhabit caves. They are nocturnal and omnivorous, feeding on both fruits and insects. Favoured fruits include the native naseberries and introduced rose apples.

Dentition
The dentition is the number and type of teeth that an animal possesses. The mammalian jaw is composed of a lower jaw known as the mandible (dentary bone) that houses the lower molars, and an upper jaw commonly referred to as the maxilla that contains the upper molars. The dentition of the Jamaican fig-eating bat is specialized for its frugivorous diet. The first and second upper molars of the maxilla have a broad surface that is used for shearing fruit. In order to maximize contact with fruit, the occlusal surface of the upper first molar is augmented and widened, which amplifies the bat's shearing propensity. The crests of the centrocrista (on the upper molar) and the cristid obliqua (on the lower molar) join together to form an expanded shearing surface, which maximizes the shear forces of the bats dentition. The bat mainly feeds on naseberry, a native fruit of Jamaica that has a fleshy, firm texture.The diets of bats are remarkably diverse, ranging from species specializing on fruit, blood, insects, nectar and invertebrates. Within the context of phylogenetic history, the diets of bats determine the structure of the dentary. When comparing the cross sectional shape of the dentary of frugivorous bats to nectarivorous bats, the data illustrates that the dentary of frugivores has an increased resistance to bending and torsion. These results confirm the predictions made by researches based on data collected on the diets of bats and inferred phylogenetic history. Frugivorous bats possess a feeding strategy that requires a strong dentary due to their extended periods of chewing and frequent unilateral biting during feeding, which imposes increased torsional stresses on the dentary. Conversely, nectarivores rely on their tongue during feeding, resulting in less stress on the dentary. Research has revealed that there is no significant difference in the bite forces of insectivorous bats compared to frugivorous bats. However, observations have noted that insectivore bats have different feeding behaviors than frugivores, particularly that they do not engage in prolonged periods of unilateral feeding. Pertaining to dental characteristics, Ariteus flavescens has a metaconid on m1 and lacks a M3.

Origins
The Jamaican fig-eating bat likely arrived on the island of Jamaica through a dispersal event that occurred towards the late Miocene epoch. The most supported hypothesis is that its ancestors radiated towards the Caribbean islands from Central America and northern South America. In addition, the stenodermatinae have been shown to be the only strictly frugivorous bat radiation to the Caribbean islands. The dispersal scenario means that extant Jamaican fig-eating bats aren't the descendants of a single common individual ancestor bat, but instead are the relatives of many predecessor bats that took part in multiple divergence events. Due to a substantial decline in sea level during the late Miocene epoch, the island of Jamaica reemerged. This drop in sea level brought formerly distant landmasses closer to one another, which fostered and facilitated the dispersal events that led to the ancestral bats reaching Jamaica during the early Pliocene epoch. Furthermore, extant bats in Jamaica are particularly susceptible to dehydration and starvation, making a dispersal event highly unlikely without the aforementioned geological aid. The ancestor of all extant stenodermatinae – Ariteus flavescens belongs to this subfamily – originated in South America before radiating to the Caribbean islands. By the early Pliocene, bat communities in the Caribbean islands, including Jamaica, were well established. It is imperative to note that many different families of bats were, also, being exchanged between the Caribbean islands and the mainland, with groups leaving both places. A metacommunity is a collaboration between different ecological communities, which are distinct from one another by their site locations and by having their own species compositions. Oftentimes, but not necessarily, communities that comprise a metacommunity are linked to one another by dispersal. Research has revealed that metacommunity structure in Caribbean bats is not greatly impacted by endemic bat species, like the Jamaican fig-eating bat. Instead, Caribbean bat metacommunities, as well as bat species ranges, are affected by primary sources of colonization, particularly their number and geographical arrangement.

General characteristics
Ariteus flavescens belongs to the subfamily stenodermatinae, which includes seven other extant species. These bats all have reduced or shortened rostra, and are sometimes referred to as "short-faced bats". This same group of bats are also sometimes called "white-shouldered bats", since they have a characteristic small white patch on both shoulders. This species of bat has a low wing aspect ratio (short, broad wings) that is useful for navigating through forest landscapes. It is a medium-sized bat. The bat lacks a noticeable tail, dorsal lines, and a facial striping. The pelage of the bat is reddish brown near its back and fades to a paler color near its front. Sexual dimorphism is also seen in this subfamily, where females are significantly larger than males. Females exclusively possess extranumerary molars, which are absent in males. Ariteus flavescens has a unique twist in its eminent nose leaf, a distinctive marker that distinguishes it from other phyllostomids.


Drillia corusca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.

Description
The shell has a rather pyramidal shape. It is highly polished. The upper portion of the whorls are flat, clouded with reddish brown and white. The lower portion are more prominent, encircled with a row of irregular reddish brown dots. The body whorl is encircled with two rows of dots. The aperture is short. The siphonal canal is very short.
The shell differs much from the ordinary type of Drillia, the form being more like a Daphnella.

Distribution
This marine species occurs off the Philippines.

References

Reeve, Proc. Zool. Soc. London (1843)
Boettger, O. "Die marinen Mollusken der Philippinen (IV) nach den Sammlungen des Herrn JOSÉ FLORENCIO QUADRA in Manila. IV. Die Pleurotomiden." Nachrichtsblatt der Deutschen Malakozoologischen Gesellschaft 27 (1895): 41–63.


== External links ==The cuisine of Kentucky mostly resembles that of traditional Southern cuisine. Some common dinner dishes are fried catfish and hushpuppies, fried chicken and country fried steak. These are usually served with vegetables such as green beans, greens, pinto beans (or "soup beans") slow-cooked with pork as seasoning and served with cornbread. Other popular items include fried green tomatoes, cheese grits, corn pudding, fried okra, and chicken and dumplings, which can be found across the commonwealth.In addition to this, Kentucky is known for its own regional style of barbecue. This style of barbecue is unique in itself given that it uses mutton, and is a style of Southern barbecue unique to Kentucky.Although Kentucky's cuisine is generally very similar to that of traditional Southern cuisine, it does differ with some unique dishes, especially in Louisville where the Hot Brown and Derby pie (a variation of pecan pie, common throughout the American South), originated.In northwestern parts of Kentucky, burgoo is a favorite, while in southwestern parts of the state, regular chili con carne is a typical staple. In northern Kentucky plus Louisville and Lexington, Cincinnati chili is a popular fast food. Northern Kentucky and the Louisville area are also home to a pronounced German-American population, translating into northern-like preferences for beer and European sausages. However, the remainder of the state's cuisine tends to be thoroughly Southern, preferring breakfast meats like country ham, ground pork sausage and as their beverage of choice, the state's renowned bourbon whiskey. Some common desserts are chess pie, pecan pie, blackberry cobbler and bread pudding.

History
Pioneer and missionary author Timothy Flint wrote that the Kentuckians ate persimmon, venison, wild turkey, sweet potato and "pies smoked on the table" washed down with maple beer and Madeira wine when game was plentiful, and "hog and homily" in lean times.
Food prices were low and money hard to come by in the intervening years between settlement and admission to the Union. Salt was quite costly, but sweeteners like honey and maple were more commonly available. Prices for staple foodstuffs such as beef, mutton, pork, geese, chicken, turkey, butter and flour are known from Gilbert Imlay's account.Homes in the frontier lands of Kentucky were often unfloored, the shelters ranged between humble lean-tos and more sturdy cabins. Only in the better cabins were hearths made with stone. Daniel Drake, a Cincinnati born physician, described his 18th-century Kentucky home:
"I know of no scene in civilized life more primitive than such a cabin hearth as that of my mother. In the morning, a buckeye backlog & hickory forestick resting on stone andirons, with a Jonny cake on a clean ash board, set before it to bake, a frying pan with its long handle resting on a split bottomed turner's chair, sending out its peculiar music, and the tea kettle swng from a wooden 'lug pole' with myself setting the table, or turning the meat, or watching the Jonny cake..."
Thomas Ashe mentions salt bacon, squirrel broth and hominy in his report of a Kentucky dinner. According to Ashe the Kentucky pioneers rarely ate vegetables or fresh meat:  "The Kentuckyan [sic] ate nothing but bacon, which indeed is the favourite diet of all the inhabitants of the State, and drank nothing but whiskey, which soon made him more than two thirds drunk."

Notable dishes and recipes
Ale-8-One—a ginger-flavored soft drink bottled in Winchester
Beer cheese—a cheese spread made with beer, Cheddar cheese, and spices
Benedictine—a cucumber and cream cheese spread with green food coloring made popular by Louisville caterer and cookbook author Jennie C. Benedict
Biscuits and gravy—a flour biscuit usually covered in white gravy (sometimes the gravy has much ground black pepper)
Bourbon balls—crushed cookies mixed with chocolate and bourbon, then coated in powdered sugar, first produced in Frankfort during Prohibition
Brains and eggs—known mostly as an English dish; this was served in Frankfort restaurants until BSE scares
Burgoo—a thick stew made from vegetables and mutton, or lamb, or other game meats
Chow-Chow—a regionally diverse dish of chilled pickled vegetables found throughout Appalachia
Derby pie—a chocolate and walnut pie named for the Kentucky Derby
Fried catfish—catfish native to Kentucky lakes and rivers are sometimes tossed in batter and then fried a crispy golden-brown 
Frog legs—often breaded and deep-fried
Goetta—a northern Kentucky delicacy composed primarily of ground meat, steel-cut oats and seasoned with bay leaves, rosemary, salt, pepper and thyme
Henry Bain sauce—a potent sauce for serving with game
Hot Brown—a layered dish of bread, bacon, and turkey, topped with a Mornay sauce
Johnny cake—also known in some regions of the state as spider cornbread, is a flat cornbread cooked by direct heat
Kentucky Common—a regional beer style historically served around the Louisville area
Lamb fries—lamb testicles served breaded and fried, often with cream gravy, a traditional dish served in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky
Louisville-style chili—a stew-like chili that varies greatly from family to family, but usually consists of meat (usually beef, sometimes pork, lamb, mutton, or venison), sauce, beans, garlic, onions, spaghetti and a wide variety of other vegetables and ingredients, which served as a way for families to stretch a little bit of meat throughout the week
Mingua beef jerky—made and packaged in Bourbon County
Mint julep—a potent potable that is made with bourbon and crushed mint and is the "official" drink of the Kentucky Derby
Mock turtle soup—Welsh and English settlers brought this recipe with them when they settled in Clay County
Modjeska—a gooey caramel candy with a marshmallow center named for a 19th-century Polish actress who once visited Louisville
Rolled oyster—a seafood dish served in and around Louisville
Ski—a citrus soda made from orange and lemon juices manufactured by the Double Cola Company prevalent in the Southern part of the state
Spoonbread—is a sweet, moist cornmeal-based dish
Stack cake—an Appalachian layered cake with apple preserves spread between each layer

Ingredients
Vegetables
Potatoes, corn, carrots, onions, turnips, parsnips, tomatoes, green beans, butter beans, peas, mustard greens, kale, scallions, sweet potatoes, yellow summer squash, zucchini, butternut squash, cauliflower, broccoli, mushrooms, cucumbers, asparagus, bell peppers (called mangoes by older rural Kentuckians), banana peppers, cabbage, beets, eggplant, garlic and avocados.

Fruits
Blackberries, peaches, apples, watermelon, cantaloupe, pears, plums, grapes, cherries, pawpaws and persimmons.

Nuts
Walnuts, pecans, almonds, peanuts and cashews.

Grains
Oats, corn and sorghum.

Meats
Chicken
Beef
Turkey
Catfish
Venison
Ham and pork such as barbecued pork shoulder
Mutton
Rabbit
Squirrel
Turtle (though this is more seldom than other meats)

Flavorings
Bourbon and whiskey

Pit barbecue
The Ohio River region of western Kentucky, Daviess, Henderson and Union counties (the area centering on Owensboro and Henderson) has developed a unique style of pit barbecue, featuring a heavy dose of vinegar-based sauces, often served with pickles, onions, potato salad and coleslaw. The three main meats used are chicken, pork and mutton. Burgoo is a specialty. Owensboro is home to the International Bar-B-Q Festival, which is a sanctioned barbecue competition.
Farther to the west, in the Purchase area, pit barbecue is primarily pork shoulder, with the unmodified word "barbecue" referring specifically to that meat. The other meats used in the Owensboro–Henderson area are generally available as well. Sauces are essentially identical in the two regions.

See also
Kentucky wine
Kentucky Common Beer
 Kentucky portal

References
Sources
Domine, David. 111 Fabulous Food Finds: Best Bites in the Bluegrass. McClanahan Publishing House, 2011. ISBN 978-1-934898-12-3.
Domine, David. Adventures in New Kentucky Cooking with the Bluegrass Peasant. McClanahan Publishing House, 2007. ISBN 0-913383-97-X.
Domine, David. A Feast for the Eyes. McClanahan Publishing House, 2010. ISBN 978-1934898093.
Domine, David. Insiders' Guide to Louisville (Insiders' Guide Series). Globe Pequot, 2010. ISBN 978-0762756957.
Domine, David. Splash of Bourbon, Kentucky's Spirit. McClanahan Publishing House, 2010. ISBN 978-1-934898-06-2.

External links
Kentucky Recipes for the Henry Bain Sauce RecipeLa Sierra High School, located in Riverside, California, United States, is a public high school in the Alvord Unified School District that was founded on August 28, 1969. Tania Cabeza is the principal. La Sierra High School's official school colors are navy blue and white. Red is the accent color and has been since the school opened.
The two main feeder schools for La Sierra High are Arizona and Villegas intermediate schools. La Sierra's rivals are Norte Vista and Hillcrest, the other public high schools in Alvord Unified.

Recent events
In 2005, La Sierra High School was awarded a 6-year clear accreditation through the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, making it the first comprehensive high school in the entire Inland Empire to earn this distinction.
In the 2007–2008 school year, approximately 3,200 students attended La Sierra High.
Hillcrest High School opened in fall 2012 to relieve crowding at La Sierra.

Academics and test scores
Test scores
API
In 2005, La Sierra High School increased its API to 715 from the 2004 base score of 679. Although it met the school-wide growth target, it did not meet the state subgroup growth targets. To encourage schools to improve achievement for all students, the state computes APIs and sets improvement targets for the different student subgroups at the school.

CST results
In 2005, La Sierra's students met or exceeded the state expectations on the California Standardized Testing and Reporting (STAR) as listed below:

CAHSEE results
All data below reflect the percentage of sophomore, junior and senior students who passed the CAHSEE sections.

Athletics
La Sierra is a member of the California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) River Valley League along with Hillcrest, Jurupa Valley, Norte Vista, Patriot and Ramona high schools. They won the boys' state team track title in June 2009 which was the first boys' team track title in Riverside County history

Teachers
According to the California Department of Education, in the 2005–2006 school year, teachers at La Sierra had 11.1 years average teaching experience and had spent an average of 10 years teaching in the Alvord Unified School District. The average class size was ~ 34.

Notable alumni
Rizwan Farook, Islamic terrorist who was one of the perpetrators of the 2015 San Bernardino attack in which 14 people were murdered
Jesse James, founder of West Coast Choppers 1983-1987
Mitch Lucker, lead vocalist for the deathcore band Suicide Silence
Mark Takano - first non white LGBT member of Congress
Tyree Washington, athlete (track and field)
Reggie Wyatt, National High School record holder in the 300 hurdles

References
External links
La Sierra High School websiteJared Aulin (born March 15, 1982) is a Canadian former professional hockey centre. He was a second round selection of the Colorado Avalanche in the 2000 National Hockey League (NHL) Entry Draft and played 17 NHL games for the Los Angeles Kings.

Playing career
Amateur
As a youth, Aulin played in the 1996 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Calgary Junior Flames minor ice hockey team.After playing with the Airdrie Extreme in 1997–98, Aulin joined the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League as 16-year-old in 1998–99, netting 26 points in 55 games and a trip to the league finals. After leading the league in points through nine games, he played through an ankle injury which made his production dip, finishing with 55 points during the 1999–2000 season (57 games), attracting the attention of the Colorado Avalanche, who drafted Aulin in the second round (47th overall) of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. In the 2000–01 season with the Blazers, Aulin scored a team leading 108 points in 70 games. During this time Aulin's rights were traded by the Avalanche to the Los Angeles Kings in an exchange that saw Rob Blake head to Colorado on March 22, 2001.Before the end of his junior career, Aulin won silver with Team Canada at the 2002 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, collecting 9 points in 7 tournament games.

Professional
On June 1, 2002, Aulin signed a three-year entry level contract with the Kings. Aulin made his professional debut in the following 2002–03 season with Kings affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs. During the season, Aulin also made his NHL debut with the Kings, appearing in 17 games. Aulin scored his only two goals against the Carolina Hurricanes in an 8-2 victory on February 7, 2003.In the 2003–04 pre-season with the Kings, Aulin suffered a shoulder injury which required surgery. Aulin remained injured for the majority of the season and was subsequently traded to the Washington Capitals for Anson Carter on March 9, 2004. Jared made his return from injury with the Capitals' AHL affiliate Portland Pirates to end the season.Aulin spent the next two seasons with the Capitals' affiliates without a call-up to the NHL. After not being offered a contract with the Capitals for the 2006–07 season, Aulin signed with the AHL Springfield Falcons on October 7, 2006. Jared played in only 13 games with the Falcons before he was released after aggravating his recurring shoulder injury.During the summer of 2007, Aulin returned to hockey playing in a non-contact summer league with the TH Pirates in Calgary. While leading the league in scoring, Aulin was knocked unconscious and hospitalised when he was the victim of a two-handed slash to the neck in a game. Aulin pressed charges against the offender, but the incident left him jaded and considering retirement. Aulin later returned to Hockey in the 2007–08 season with the University of Calgary in the CIS. This marked the first time in 20 years that a NHL player returned to play in the CIS.After further shoulder rehab, Aulin attempted a return to professional hockey and was invited to the Columbus Blue Jackets training camp for the 2009–10 season. He was later reassigned to the Blue Jackets' AHL affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch, training camp and made the Crunch's opening night on a try-out basis. After 31 games with Syracuse, and placing third in scoring, Aulin was signed to an AHL contract for the remainder of the season with the Crunch on January 2, 2010.A free agent prior to the 2010–11 season, Aulin accepted a tryout invitation to the Edmonton Oilers training before he was released during the pre-season on September 27, 2010. On October 29, 2010, Aulin belatedly left North America and signed a one-year contract with Swedish team, Leksands IF, of the second tier HockeyAllsvenkan.On June 28, 2011, Aulin signed a one-year deal to remain in the HockeyAllsvenskan with Örebro HK.After four seasons with Örebro HK, the last two solidifying the club's position in the Swedish Hockey League, Aulin left Sweden as a free agent and signed a one-year deal with newly relegated Swiss club, SC Rapperswil-Jona Lakers of the National League B (NLB) on June 23, 2015.In his third season with the Lakers, Aulin helped the club clinch promotion from the Swiss League back to the National League. In the following 2018–19 season, Aulin played 19 games registering just 4 assists in the top flight league, before leaving the club mid-season in joining German outfit, the Straubing Tigers of the DEL for the remainder of the year on December 28, 2018.On 9 August 2019, Aulin joined his brother-in-law Layne Ulmer by signing for UK EIHL side Manchester Storm.On July 26, 2021, Jared announced his retirement from hockey via his Instagram page.

Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
 Media related to Jared Aulin at Wikimedia Commons
Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or The Internet Hockey DatabaseThe Bill Hartack Memorial Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run at Hawthorne Race Course in Stickney/Cicero, Illinois in the early spring of the year.  The ungraded stakes race is for horses three-year-olds and older, and is set at a distance of one and one-eighth of a mile.  The race offers a purse of $200,000.In 2009, the race was downgraded from a Grade III event to ungraded status, but as of 2015 had once again been awarded Grade III status.Formerly known as the National Jockey Club Handicap, the race was inaugurated as the Bill Hartack Memorial Handicap in 2008 to honor the Hall of Fame jockey Bill Hartack who died in November 2007.  Hartack won the Kentucky Derby fives times: 1957 on Iron Liege, 1960 on Venetian Way, 1962 on Decidedly, 1964 on Northern Dancer, and 1969 on Majestic Prince.
(In 2000, 2001 and 2002, the race was held at Sportsman's Park Racetrack in Cicero, Illinois.)

Past winners
2008 - Ryan's for Real (Erick Rodriguez)

Winners as the National Jockey Club Handicap (partial list)
2007 - Master Command (John R. Velazquez)
2006 - Three Hour Nap (Francisco Torres)
2005 - Pollard's Vision (John Velazquez)
2004 - Ten Most Wanted (David Flores)
2003 - Fight for Ally
2002 - Hail the Chief (Jorge Chavez)
2001 - Chicago Six
2000 - Take Note of Me
1999 - Baytown
1947 - Take Wing


Tillandsia bergeri is a species of plant in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Brazil.

Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Bergos'
Tillandsia 'Bob Whitman'

References
Martinelli, Gustavo; Vieira, Cláudia Magalhães; Gonzalez, Marcos; Leitman, Paula; Piratininga, Andréa; Costa, Andrea Ferreira da; Forzza, Rafaela Campostrini (January 2008). "Bromeliaceae da Mata Atlântica Brasileira: lista de espécies, distribuição e conservação" [Bromeliaceae of the brazilian Atlantic Forest: checklist, distribution and conservation]. Rodriguésia (in Brazilian Portuguese). 59 (1): 209–258. doi:10.1590/2175-7860200859114. JSTOR 23499386.
BSI Cultivar Registry Retrieved 11 October 2009Alan Klingenstein (born 1954) is a corporate and securities attorney, investment banker, film distributor, and award-winning film producer. His feature film Two Family House won the Audience Award at the 2000 Sundance Film Festival. Another feature film, Runaway, premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival, the Toronto International Film Festival, and won Best Dramatic Feature at the 2005 Austin Film Festival. His documentary Trumbo was awarded the  National Board of Review's Freedom of Expression Award in 2008. Klingenstein is currently the Chairman of FilmRise, a film and television distribution company.

Early life
Klingenstein was born and raised in Scarsdale, New York. He is Jewish. His father is Lee P. Klingenstein, a noted philanthropist and partner in the New York investment management firm of Neuberger Berman. Klingenstein graduated from the Taft School. He then earned a bachelor's degree at Princeton, and a law degree and MBA from Cornell University.He was a corporate and securities attorney with the firm of McCutcheon, Doyle, Brown & Enerson, then traveled through Asia as General Counsel and VP for Shakey's International. Later he worked as a VP of Bankers Trust Securities in London.

Film production and distribution
In 1996, after twelve years in the corporate world, Klingenstein produced his first film: the documentary The Church of Saint Coltrane with Jeff Swimmer. Shortly after, Klingenstein formed Filbert Steps Productions, together with media investor and production partner Jim Kohlberg. Klingenstein produced Filberts Steps' films for very low budgets: Two Family House (2000), Forever Fabulous, Runaway, and Trumbo (2008)Klingenstein developed Filmcatcher.com, containing editorial coverage of art house films, on-camera interviews with filmmakers and actors, film festival coverage, critical reviews, celebrity picks, and profiles of the independent film community.In 2010, Klingenstein joined with brothers Danny and Jack Fisher to create FilmRise, a film acquisition fund and distribution company established to acquire and distribute a slate of both mainstream and specialized films, documentaries, and television series.
OC 87 was released by FilmRise in June 2012. It depicts how Bradford (Buddy) Clayman, a middle-aged man who suffered an obsessive-compulsive disorder for over 20 years, was finally able to enter a path of recovery. The New York Times called it "a moving, penetrating documentary".

References
External links
Alan Klingenstein at IMDbJavier Augustine "Jarvey" Ocampo Gayoso (Tagalog pronunciation: [hɐvˈjeɾ haɾvi ɡɐˈjoso]; born February 11, 1997) is a Filipino professional footballer who plays as a left wing-back or forward for Philippines Football League (PFL) club Kaya–Iloilo and the Philippines national team. He played in the collegiate level as a forward for Ateneo de Manila University.

Early life and education
Javier Gayoso, who is the son of professional basketball player Jayvee Gayoso, played basketball in his youth but eventually decided to focus on football, which he started playing at age 4. His mother introduced him to football in kindergarten and allowed him to participate in a football camp.His maternal grandfather Ed Ocampo and maternal uncle Alvin Ocampo were both footballers.Gayoso attended the Ateneo de Manila High School and is currently pursuing collegiate studies at the Ateneo de Manila University. Despite his decision to end his collegiate football stint in February 2020, he expressed intent to finish his studies. He plans to finish the first semester of that school year and take a leave of absence from Ateneo to concentrate on football.

High school and college career
High school
Gayoso played for the football and track/field teams of Ateneo de Manila High School where he achieved Gold Medals for the 200 meter dash, 400 meter dash, high jump, long jump, and was named MVP of UAAP Season 77 for Athletics.

Ateneo de Manila University
In the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP), Gayoso plays for the senior football team of the Ateneo de Manila University. He debuted in Season 78. Ateneo finished third in the elimination round and later lost to the University of the Philippines in the final. Gayoso was recognized as the top scorer of the season with 11 goals along with Paolo Salenga of the National University.In Season 79, Gayoso helped Ateneo secure the UAAP football title by scoring the lone goal of the match. He was eventually named Best Striker and MVP of Season 79.  In Season 80 in 2018, he was again awarded best striker of the UAAP.  In Season 81 he scored the goal that led to extra time at the 90th minute. He also received his fourth best striker award with 12 goals scored and was named MVP of Season 81.In February 2020, Gayoso announced that he would not play for Ateneo in Season 82, despite still having one year eligibility, deciding to pursue a professional career after his stint with the Philippine youth national team at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games.

Club career
Azkals Development Team
2020 PFL season
As part of Gayoso's announcement to prematurely end his collegiate career, he cited an opportunity to play football outside the Philippines as one of his reasons. He also disclosed as part of his preparations to play overseas that he would be playing for a local club.Gayoso joined the Azkals Development Team (ADT) of the Philippines Football League (PFL) for the 2020 season. Despite previously playing as a striker in college and youth-level competitions, he was listed as a defender for ADT which is mentored by Philippines national team coach Scott Cooper. Previously, Gayoso has also played as a defender for the Philippines at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games. He made his PFL debut in the league's first match of the season on October 28, a 1–0 loss to United City. He was named man of the match after scoring ADT's first-ever PFL goal on November 3, in a 2–0 win over Mendiola. He was man of the match again in their 5–0 win over Maharlika Manila on November 6, where he scored a brace and assisted Chima Uzoka twice. In their final match of the season, Gayoso's penalty kick sealed their 2–0 win over Stallion Laguna.In December 2020, Gayoso and Cooper went to Thailand to complete a transfer deal with Muangthong United of Thai League 1. However, as of June 2021, the move apparently fell through.

2021 loan to Kaya–Iloilo
On June 13, 2021, PFL club Kaya–Iloilo announced their signing of Gayoso. He made his debut on June 26, coming on as a second-half substitute in the club's first ever AFC Champions League group stage match, a 4–1 loss to BG Pathum United.

2021 Copa Paulino Alcantara
On August 6, 2021, Kaya announced that Gayoso would return to ADT. In the 2021 Copa Paulino Alcantara group stage, he scored five goals in their 9–0 thrashing of Mendiola, setting the competition's record for most goals by a player in a single match. He also scored in the semi-final against Stallion Laguna, but suffered a hamstring injury late in the match. This made him miss the final, which ADT lost to Kaya. Nonetheless, his total of six goals won him the Golden Boot award.

Kaya–Iloilo
On February 8, 2022, Kaya–Iloilo announced the signing of Gayoso.

International career
Youth
For most of his youth career, Gayoso played as a forward. Gayoso was part of the Philippine national under-19 team that took part in the 2016 AFC U-19 Championship qualifiers in 2015. He scored the national team's solitary goal in the campaign during the 2–1 loss to Laos.He was a member of the Philippine under-22 team that participated in the 2017 Southeast Asian Games. In that stint, he scored a brace against East Timor. The Philippines finished fourth out of six in their group and were unable to advance to the knockout rounds.In March 2019, Gayoso played for the Philippines in the qualifiers for the 2020 AFC U-23 Championship. He scored a brace in the first half of the match against Laos; however, the Laotians managed to come back and win 3–2. Gayoso's goals were the only ones scored by the Philippines in the qualifiers as they crashed out without a single win.Gayoso took part in the Southeast Asian Games again in the 2019 edition which was hosted at home. He almost did not make the final squad but his college coach Jaypee Merida helped him work on his weaknesses. For this edition of the regional games, he played out-of-position as a right-back. National team coach Scott Cooper, is a proponent of Gayoso's shift from playing as a striker to a defender.

Senior
In November 2017, Gayoso received his first call-up to play for the senior national team which played at the 2017 CTFA International Tournament, a friendly tournament in Taiwan. The squad was led by Marlon Maro in lieu of head coach Thomas Dooley. He earned his first senior cap on December 1, 2017, appearing as a starter in the 3–1 win against Laos.

International goals
Scores and results list the Philippines' goal tally first.

Personal life
The younger Gayoso's grandfather was Ed Ocampo, a former football player and a recipient of the Mr. Football Award. Ed Ocampo also played and excelled in basketball. He later became a member of the national basketball team and a coach in the Philippine Basketball Association. Alvin Ocampo, a former national football team player, is Gayoso's uncle.

Honors
Azkals Development Team

Copa Paulino Alcantara runner-up: 2021Individual

Copa Paulino Alcantara Golden Boot: 2021


Jerry Wayne Gillespie (born Decatur, Alabama) is an American country songwriter. He co-wrote "Do You Love as Good as You Look", a #1 song in 1981 for The Bellamy Brothers and wrote "Heaven's Just a Sin Away", a #1 country hit in 1977 for The Kendalls. He co-wrote "Somebody's Knockin'", a Grammy Award finalist in 1982 for Terri Gibbs, and "I Just Can't Stay Married to You", a #5 hit for Christy Lane in 1979.
He wrote or co-wrote a number of successful songs for Tommy Overstreet, including "Gwen (Congratulations)", co-written with Ricci Mareno, a #5 country hit in 1971, and "That's When My Woman Begins a #6 country hit in 1975. Gillespie also worked as a producer with Christy Lane, The Kendalls, and Micki Fuhrman.Gillespie's first music venture was with his cousin Gary in a Nashville-area teenaged rock band named "The Valiants". The band put out two singles in 1965-1966 with songs written by Gillespie.

Other Gillespie songs that charted
"Catch the Wind" (Jerry Gillespie, Ricci Mareno) Jack Barlow, #26 Country, 1971
"A Seed Before the Rose" (Jerry Gillespie, Ricci Mareno) Tommy Overstreet, #16 Country, 1972
"It'll Be Me" (Gillespie/Clement/Bourke) Tom Jones, #34 Country, 1983
"You Really Go for the Heart" (Charles Black, Tommy Rocco, Jerry Gillespie) Dan Seals, #37 Country, 1983
"The Jagged Edge of a Broken Heart" (K. T. Oslin, Jerry Gillespie) Gail Davies, #20 Country, 1984
"We Just Gotta Dance" (Jerry Gillespie) Karen Taylor-Good, #66 Country, 1984
"I Love You By Heart" (Jerry Gillespie, Stan Webb), Sylvia and Michael Johnson, #9 Country, 1985
"She's Ready for Someone to Love Her" (Charles Black, Jerry Gillespie, Tommy Rocco) The Osmond Brothers, #67 Country, 1983. Also covered by Kenny Rogers and Jerry Reed
"Baby Wants", The Osmond Brothers, #45 Country, 1986"Heaven's Just a Sin Away" also charted in a minor way for Kelly Willis in 1993 (#63 Country). "Old Pictures" and "Dr. Dr." were written by Gillespie with K. T. Oslin, and appeared on her platinum-selling 1987 debut album 80s Ladies. His Christmas song "Blue Decorations" was covered by B. B. King on his 2001 Grammy-winning album A Christmas Celebration of Hope.


A quodlibet (; Latin for "whatever you wish" from quod, "what" and libet, "pleases") is a musical composition that combines several different melodies—usually popular tunes—in counterpoint, and often in a light-hearted, humorous manner.
There are three main types of quodlibet:

A catalogue quodlibet consists of a free setting of catalogue poetry (usually humorous lists of loosely related items).
In a successive quodlibet, one voice has short musical quotations and textual quotations while the other voices provide homophonic accompaniment.
In a simultaneous quodlibet, two or more pre-existing melodies are combined. The simultaneous quodlibet may be considered a historical antecedent to the modern-day musical mashup.

History
Renaissance
The quodlibet originated in 15th-century Europe, during a time when the practice of combining folk tunes was popular. Composer Wolfgang Schmeltzl first used the term in a specifically musical context in 1544.Francisco de Peñalosa's quodlibet Por las sierras de Madrid occurs in the Cancionero Musical de Palacio, a manuscript of the early 16th century. Composer Ludwig Senfl (1486–154?) was able to juxtapose several pre-existing melodies in a cantus firmus quodlibet; one such piece, Ach Elselein / Es taget, was noted for its symbolism rather than its humor. In Spain, 1581 saw the publication of the ensaladas of Mateo Flecha et al. The ensaladas were comical compositions that mixed literary texts in a way similar to the quodlibet.It was not until 1618, however, that anyone published a rigorous definition of the quodlibet: Michael Praetorius described it as "a mixture of diverse elements quoted from sacred and secular compositions". During the Renaissance, a composer's ability to juxtapose several pre-existing melodies, such as in the cantus firmus quodlibet, was considered the ultimate mastery of counterpoint.

19th century to today
The quodlibet took on additional functions between the beginning and middle of the 19th century, when it became known as the potpourri and the musical switch. In these forms, the quodlibet would often feature anywhere from six to fifty or more consecutive "quotations"; the distinct incongruity between words and music served as a potent source of parody and entertainment. In the 20th century, the quodlibet remained a genre in which well-known tunes and/or texts were quoted, either simultaneously or in succession, generally for humorous effect.

Examples
Classical music
The masses of Jacob Obrecht, which sometimes combine popular tunes, plainsong and original music.
The last (thirtieth) variation of Bach's Goldberg Variations is a quodlibet.
Bach's Wedding Quodlibet or Quodlibet, which is not a quodlibet by the above definition but a ten-minute procession of nonsense, jokes, puns, obscure cultural references, word games, and parody of other songs. At times, the music imitates a chaconne and a fugue while deliberately obscuring the counterpoint. It is unlike any of Bach's other works, though the sole surviving source is a fair copy manuscript in Bach's own handwriting.
Gallimathias musicum, a 17-part quodlibet composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart at the age of ten.
Louis Moreau Gottschalk combined Hail, Columbia and Yankee Doodle at the end of his piano piece, The Union.
Symphony no. 4 of Charles Ives, like most of Ives' music, includes frequent popular and band tunes which unfold independently from the rest of the music.
Scherzo from Charles Ives' Piano trio labeled TSIAJ (This scherzo is a joke), includes the American fraternity tunes My Old Kentucky Home, Sailor's Hornpipe, The Campbells Are Coming, "Long, Long Ago", Hold the Fort, and There Is a Fountain Filled with Blood, among others. 
Quodlibet on Welsh Nursery Rhymes by Welsh composer Alun Hoddinott.
Pianist Glenn Gould improvised a quodlibet including The Star-Spangled Banner and God Save the King. According to his account, Gould came up with this quodlibet while taking a bath.
Peter Schickele's Quodlibet for Small Orchestra, Unbegun Symphony, Eine Kleine Nichtmusik, and others.
Fantasia on Auld Lang Syne by Ernest Tomlinson. The composer claims that the piece references 152 works.

Popular music
The Grateful Dead's medley "That's It for the Other One," on their album Anthem of the Sun, includes the movement "Quadlibet for Tender Feet" (sic).
Scholar Alan W. Pollack has pointed out that The Beatles' "I've Got a Feeling" is a quodlibet of sorts.
"I Believe" – Stan Beard and Barry Tucker published a quodlibet arrangement of this popular sacred song with Bach-Gounod "Ave Maria" in 1972.
Nina Simone's 1958 interpretation of "Little Girl Blue" is a quodlibet, combining the Rodgers and Hart melody and lyrics with the melody of the popular carol "Good King Wenceslas".

See also
Contrast (music)
Mashup (music)
Medley (music)
Musical parody
Potpourri (music)

References
External links
"Quodlibet" . New International Encyclopedia. 1905.Copperton was a mining town in the central Karoo region of South Africa. As a copper and zinc-mining area, Copperton saw its heyday between 1970 and the end of the 20th century, when it housed about 3,000 workers and their families; amenities included a school and recreation facilities, including a golf course.

History
The copper-zinc mine at Copperton, which had been opened in 1972, was shut down in 1991 by the Anglovaal Mining Group. The 2011 census found 57 inhabitants. Today, most of the buildings have been demolished and only a few houses are used by Armscor, who operate a weapons testing center, Alkantpan Test Range, in the area.

Renewable Power
Several new renewable energy projects (solar and wind) have been allocated through the REIPPPP and these projects will be constructed in the vicinity of this town.

See also
List of power stations in South Africa
Siyathemba Local Municipality


South of the Pumphouse is a 2006 novella by rock musician Les Claypool.  The book can be described as a tragic tale containing themes of family, racism, drugs, and misconceptions.  The book describes the San Francisco and San Pablo Bays, and the fishing areas they have to offer. The novella was published by Akashic Books and is also available on the Amazon Kindle store.

Plot summary
Two brothers get together for a fishing trip in memory of their recently deceased father. But while one, Ed, has left the small town of El Sobrante (the actual town where Claypool grew up) to go live in the town of Berkeley, California, the other, Earl, has stayed in the town and has become a methamphetamine addict. When Earl invites his best friend, Donny, along on a fishing trip things get heated between the left wing Ed and right wing racist Donny. When Earl mistakenly concludes that Donny has slept with his wife, he beats him to death with a boat pole. The rest of the novel is concerned with the brothers' efforts to dispose of Donny's body, a twist in the tale which explains Earl's mistake and a brief epilogue concerning the sturgeon which the three men were trying to catch during their day's fishing.
Claypool fleetingly addresses the themes of racism and urban decay in his novel.

External links
Akashic Books
South of The Pumphouse on www.lesclaypool.comPachytriton inexpectatus is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae. It is endemic to southern China and found in the Guizhou, Hunan, Guangdong, and Guangxi provinces. Its type locality is Mount Dayao of Jinxiu Yao Autonomous County, Guangxi. Prior to naming of this species in 2011, it was confused with Pachytriton labiatus (now Paramesotriton labiatus). It is one of the several species that can appear in the pet trade as paddletail newt. The specific name inexpectatus is Latin meaning "unexpected" and refers to finding a species that is common in pet trade but lacked formal scientific description. Common name Yaoshan stout newt has been coined specifically for this species.

Description
Adult males measure 69–99 mm (2.7–3.9 in) in snout–vent length and 128–197 mm (5.0–7.8 in) in total length. Adult females measure 76–109 mm (3.0–4.3 in) in snout–vent length and 144–207 mm (5.7–8.1 in) in total length. The body is stout. The fingers and the toes have slight webbing. The tail tip is broad. Skin is smooth. The dorsum is uniformly dark brown. The venter is lighter and has reddish orange markings, some of them joining to form two longitudinal lines. There are small reddish orange markings scattered on throat and underside of limbs; some specimens have an orange spot on the dorsal base of each limb. The underside of tail and cloaca are reddish orange.

Habitat and conservation
Adult Pachytriton inexpectatus live in mountain rivers, including steep and shallow side streams. They are nocturnal and prey upon aquatic insects, crustaceans, and annelids, as well as insects of terrestrial origin. Breeding seems to occur in early summer. Small juveniles are probably terrestrial.As of mid-2018, this species has not been assessed for the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.


A Historic Site or Monument (HSM) is a protected location of historic interest on the continent of Antarctica, or on its adjacent islands. The list of historic sites was first drawn up in 1972, and has since expanded to cover 94 sites, with the most recent listed in 2019. Five sites have been removed from the list for various reasons.
Historic Sites and Monuments are protected under the Antarctic Treaty System, as one of three classes of Antarctic Protected Areas.The criteria for listing a site are that it should fulfil one or more of the following criteria:

List of HSMs
See also
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
UNESCO World Heritage Site

References
External links
ATCM Measure 12 (2019). Annex: Revised List of Historic Sites and Monuments. - ATCM Prague, 9 October 2019. 24 ppThe Marehan (Somali: Mareexaan, Arabic: مريحان, Marehan bin Ahmed bin Abdirahman bin Is'mail bin Ibrahim al Jaberti) is a Somali clan family, part of one of the largest Somali clan-families — the Darod. The clan is one of the largest constituent sub-clans of the Darod, forming a part of the Sade confederation of clans. The majority of the Marehan live in the Jubaland  in southwestern Somalia, as well as the Galguduud and Mudug regions in central Somalia, the Ogaden region of Ethiopia, and the North Eastern Province of Kenya.

History
One of the earliest mentions of this Somali clan may be by the Jesuit Jerónimo Lobo, who attempted to enter Ethiopia by way of the Jubba River in 1624. He learned of an ethnic group known as the Maracatos, whom C.F. Beckingham identifies as the Marehan, and whom Lobo located in the approximate location of the Somali clan.Between the 17th and 18th centuries, the Marehan were reported to have lived in an area that extended from Bender Ziyade on the Gulf of Aden to beyond Ras el-Khail on the Indian Ocean, or much of northern Somalia. Marehan are recorded as having played a significant role in Imam Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi's campaigns against Ethiopia during the 16th century. The commander of the Somali forces and the closest deputy of the Imam was a Marehan commander, Garad Ahmed bin Hirabu. The Marehan along with the Habar Makadi/Makadur of the Gadabuursi; helped push westward the enemies into the plains of Harar and farther, helping destabilize the highland Christian empire. Evident in these battles were the Somali archers, namely the Marehan and the Gerri archers, through whom al-Ghazi was able to defeat the numerically superior Ethiopian Army that consisted of 16,000 cavalry and more than 200,000 infantry.As early as 1850, the Marehan were recorded moving into Jubaland. It was recorded that:

"To the east the Somalis were once more on the move. By 1850, one of the Darod Somali groups, the Marehan crossed the Juba in force. In 1865 they went on to break the Tana Galla  [sic] and by 1880 had turned on the Boran. Pagan peoples in this region were now being dominated by Muslims, and peasants by nomads from the north."

Clan tree
There is no clear agreement on the clan and sub-clan structures and many lineages are omitted. The following listing is taken from the World Bank's Conflict in Somalia: Drivers and Dynamics from 2005 and the United Kingdom's Home Office publication, Somalia Assessment 2001.

(Sade) Marehan
Rer Siyad Husein
Hawraarsame
Reer Axmed
Talxe
Reer Xassan
Wagardhac
urmidig
Habaryaqub
Celi
regarad
Calihussein
Reosman
calidhere
sonfure
ReDini--[Reugas dini]
ReDalal
Resiyd
reugas-sharmake
Rekoshin
Rehirsi
Reguled Farax
bahabasgul  and many morwIn the south central part of Somalia the World Bank shows the following clan tree:
(Sade) Marehan
Rer Siyad Husein
Hawraarsame
Reer Axmed
Talxe
Reer Xassan
Wagardhac
urmidig
Habaryaqub
Celi
regarad
Calihussein
Reosman
calidhere
sonfure
ReDini--[Reugas dini]
ReDalal
Resiyd
reugas-sharmake
Rekoshin
Rehirsi
Reguled Farax
bahabasgulIn the World Bank shows the following:
(Sade) Marehan
Rer Siyad Husein
Hawraarsame
Reer Axmed
Talxe
Reer Xassan
Wagardhac
urmidig
Habaryaqub
Celi
regarad
Calihussein
Reosman
calidhere
sonfure
ReDini--[Reugas dini]
ReDalal
Resiyd
reugas-sharmake
Rekoshin
Rehirsi
Reguled Farax
bahabasgul

Notable Marehan people
Rulers
Siad Bare  Former President of Somalia
Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed Former Prime minister of Somalia
Abdi Farah Shirdon Former Prime minister of Somalia
Abdiwahid Gonjeh Former Prime minister of Somalia
Abdirahman Jama Barre Vice President of Mohamed Ali Samater and 1st Deputy Prime Minister
Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed The current President of Somalia and the Former Prime minister of Somalia

Military personnel
General Yusuf Osman Dhumal
General Umar Haji Masala
General Mohamed Said Samatar
General Ahmed Sheikh Ali Ahmed"Burale"
General Dr. Ali Nur
General Mohammed Hashi ''Gaani''

Writers and musicians
Ahmed Farah Ali ''Idaaja''  is a Somali literary scholar and publisher of written folklore
Abdulkadir Hersi Siyad ''Yamyam'' was a Somali poet and playwright.

First Somali pilot man
Ali Matan Hashi, Was First Somali Pilot Man

Politicians
Abdirahman Jama Barre.

Athletes
References

Encyclopedia of Religion and Ethics Part 12. p. 490. ISBN 0-7661-3687-6.Harry Scherman (February 1, 1887 – November 12, 1969) was an American publisher and economist, most notable as the co-founder of the Book of the Month Club. He also wrote four books on economics.

Biography
Early life and education
Isaac Harry Scherman was born February 1, 1887 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He was the youngest of five children born to Katherine Harris and Jacob Scherman. After his parents separated, Harry and his brothers Louis and William were placed in an orphanage in Atlanta, Georgia, where they lived from 1893 to 1899. He attended
Central High School in Philadelphia, where his classmates included Alexander Woollcott, the future Algonquin Round Table member and radio personality, and Ed Wynn, the famous actor. Scherman graduated high school in 1905, and later completed university studies at the Wharton School and the University of Pennsylvania Law School.

Career
His first jobs included working for Louis Lipsky at "The American Hebrew" newspaper, with the Ruthrauff and Ryan advertising firm, and the J. Walter Thompson Company. In 1916, he established the Little Leather Library and, in 1926, he co-founded the Book of the Month Club.
Following the establishment of the Book of The Month Club, Scherman published several works in his own right. In one such work, The Promises Men Live By, published in 1938 he developed an analysis of economic problems in terms of people's beliefs. He was critical of accepted policies relating to the then fashionable Keynesianism.

Marriage and children
Scherman married Bernardine Kielty on June 3, 1914. Kielty was of Irish and Welsh descent and had moved to New York City from a small town in New England where she met Scherman. Kielty was also a writer of non-fiction, juvenile fiction and a book columnist for The Ladies Home Journal.  The couple had two children, Katharine Scherman Rosin (1915-2009), a writer of non-fiction, and Thomas Scherman (1917-1979), a recorded conductor of classical music, who also founded the Little Orchestra Society of New York City.

Death and afterward
Scherman died November 12, 1969 in Manhattan, New York.
His collected papers were purchased by the University of Georgia's Hargrett Rare Book and Manuscript Library in 1993.

Published works
The Promises Men Live By (Random House, 1938)
The Real Danger in Our Gold 1940
Will We Have Inflation? 1941
The Last Best Hope of Earth Random House, New York 1941.


Sigvard Kukk (born September 16, 1972 in Tallinn) is an Estonian cycling athlete. He placed 41st in mountain biking at the 2004 Olympic Games.

Achievements
2001

1. Mulgi Cycling Marathon winner
2. Otepää Cycling Marathon winner2002

3. Elva Cycling Marathon winner
4. Otepää Cycling Marathon winner
5. Tartu Cycling Marathon winner2004

6. Elva Cycling Marathon winner2007

7. Tallinn Cycling Marathon winner
8. Jõulumäe Cycling Marathon winner
9. Elion Estonian Cup overall 2nd place

References
External links
http://www.cyclingarchives.com/coureurfiche.php?coureurid=10357The Judicial Procedures Reform Bill of 1937, frequently called the "court-packing plan", was a legislative initiative proposed by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt to add more justices to the U.S. Supreme Court in order to obtain favorable rulings regarding New Deal legislation that the Court had ruled unconstitutional. The central provision of the bill would have granted the president power to appoint an additional justice to the U.S. Supreme Court, up to a maximum of six, for every member of the court over the age of 70 years.
In the Judiciary Act of 1869, Congress had established that the Supreme Court would consist of the chief justice and eight associate justices. During Roosevelt's first term, the Supreme Court struck down several New Deal measures as being unconstitutional. Roosevelt sought to reverse this by changing the makeup of the court through the appointment of new additional justices who he hoped would rule that his legislative initiatives did not exceed the constitutional authority of the government. Since the U.S. Constitution does not define the Supreme Court's size, Roosevelt believed it was within the power of Congress to change it. Members of both parties viewed the legislation as an attempt to stack the court, and many Democrats, including Vice President John Nance Garner, opposed it. The bill came to be known as Roosevelt's "court-packing plan," a phrase coined by Edward Rumely.In November 1936, Roosevelt won a sweeping re-election victory. In the months following, he proposed to reorganize the federal judiciary by adding a new justice each time a justice reached age 70 and failed to retire. The legislation was unveiled on February 5, 1937, and was the subject of Roosevelt's ninth Fireside chat on March 9, 1937.  He asked, "Can it be said that full justice is achieved when a court is forced by the sheer necessity of its business to decline, without even an explanation, to hear 87% of the cases presented by private litigants?"  Publicly denying the president's statement, Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes reported,  "There is no congestion of cases on our calendar. When we rose March 15 we had heard arguments in cases in which cert has been granted only four weeks before. This gratifying situation has obtained for several years". Three weeks after the radio address, the Supreme Court published an opinion upholding a Washington state minimum wage law in West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish. The 5–4 ruling was the result of the apparently sudden jurisprudential shift by Associate Justice Owen Roberts, who joined with the wing of the bench supportive to the New Deal legislation. Since Roberts had previously ruled against most New Deal legislation, his support here was seen as a result of the political pressure the president was exerting on the court. Some interpreted Roberts' reversal as an effort to maintain the Court's judicial independence by alleviating the political pressure to create a court more friendly to the New Deal. This reversal came to be known as "the switch in time that saved nine"; however, recent legal-historical scholarship has called that narrative into question as Roberts' decision and vote in the Parrish case predated both the public announcement and introduction of the 1937 bill.Roosevelt's legislative initiative ultimately failed. Henry F. Ashurst, the Democratic chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, held up the bill by delaying hearings in the committee, saying, "No haste, no hurry, no waste, no worry—that is the motto of this committee." As a result of his delaying efforts, the bill was held in committee for 165 days, and opponents of the bill credited Ashurst as instrumental in its defeat. The bill was further undermined by the untimely death of its chief advocate in the U.S. Senate, Senate Majority Leader Joseph T. Robinson. Other reasons for its failure included members of Roosevelt's own Democratic Party believing the bill to be unconstitutional, with the Judiciary Committee ultimately releasing a scathing report calling it "a needless, futile and utterly dangerous abandonment of constitutional principle ... without precedent or justification". Contemporary observers broadly viewed Roosevelt's initiative as political maneuvering. Its failure exposed the limits of Roosevelt's abilities to push forward legislation through direct public appeal. Public perception of his efforts here was in stark contrast to the reception of his legislative efforts during his first term. Roosevelt ultimately prevailed in establishing a majority on the court friendly to his New Deal legislation, though some scholars view Roosevelt's victory as pyrrhic.

Background
New Deal
Following the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and the onset of the Great Depression, Franklin Roosevelt won the 1932 presidential election on a promise to give America a "New Deal" to promote national economic recovery. The 1932 election also saw a new Democratic majority sweep into both houses of Congress, giving Roosevelt legislative support for his reform platform. Both Roosevelt and the 73rd Congress called for greater governmental involvement in the economy as a way to end the depression. During the president's first term, a series of successful challenges to various New Deal programs were launched in federal courts. It soon became clear that the overall constitutionality of much of the New Deal legislation, especially that which extended the power of the federal government, would be decided by the Supreme Court.

A minor aspect of Roosevelt's New Deal agenda may have itself directly precipitated the showdown between the Roosevelt administration and the Supreme Court. Shortly after Roosevelt's inauguration, Congress passed the Economy Act, a provision of which cut many government salaries, including the pensions of retired Supreme Court justices. Associate Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., who had retired in 1932, saw his pension halved from $20,000 to $10,000 per year. The cut to their pensions appears to have dissuaded at least two older Justices, Willis Van Devanter and George Sutherland, from retirement. Both would later find many aspects of the New Deal unconstitutional.

Roosevelt's Justice Department
The flurry of new laws in the wake of Roosevelt's first hundred days swamped the Justice Department with more responsibilities than it could manage. Many Justice Department lawyers were ideologically opposed to the New Deal and failed to influence either the drafting or review of much of the White House's New Deal legislation. The ensuing struggle over ideological identity increased the ineffectiveness of the Justice Department. As Interior Secretary Harold Ickes complained, Attorney General Homer Cummings had "simply loaded it [the Justice Department] with political appointees" at a time when it would be responsible for litigating the flood of cases arising from New Deal legal challenges.Compounding matters, Roosevelt's congenial Solicitor General, James Crawford Biggs (a patronage appointment chosen by Cummings), proved to be an ineffective advocate for the legislative initiatives of the New Deal. While Biggs resigned in early 1935, his successor Stanley Forman Reed proved to be little better.This disarray at the Justice Department meant that the government's lawyers often failed to foster viable test cases and arguments for their defense, subsequently handicapping them before the courts. As Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes would later note, it was because much of the New Deal legislation was so poorly drafted and defended that the court did not uphold it.

Jurisprudential context
Popular understanding of the Hughes Court, which has some scholarly support, has typically cast it as divided between a conservative and liberal faction, with two critical swing votes. The conservative Justices Pierce Butler, James Clark McReynolds, George Sutherland and Willis Van Devanter were known as  "The Four Horsemen". Opposed to them were the liberal Justices Louis Brandeis, Benjamin Cardozo and Harlan Fiske Stone, dubbed "The Three Musketeers". Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Justice Owen Roberts were regarded as the swing votes on the court. Some recent scholarship has eschewed these labels since they suggest more legislative, as opposed to judicial, differences. While it is true that many rulings of the 1930s Supreme Court were deeply divided, with four justices on each side and Justice Roberts as the typical swing vote, the ideological divide this represented was linked to a larger debate in U.S. jurisprudence regarding the role of the judiciary, the meaning of the Constitution, and the respective rights and prerogatives of the different branches of government in shaping the judicial outlook of the Court. At the same time, however, the perception of a conservative/liberal divide does reflect the ideological leanings of the justices themselves. As William Leuchtenburg has observed:

Some scholars disapprove of the terms "conservative" and "liberal", or "right, center, and left", when applied to judges because it may suggest that they are no different from legislators; but the private correspondence of members of the Court makes clear that they thought of themselves as ideological warriors. In the fall of 1929, Taft had written one of the Four Horsemen, Justice Butler, that his most fervent hope was for "continued life of enough of the present membership ... to prevent disastrous reversals of our present attitude. With Van [Devanter] and Mac [McReynolds] and Sutherland and you and Sanford, there will be five to steady the boat ...
Whatever the political differences among the justices, the clash over the constitutionality of the New Deal initiatives was tied to clearly divergent legal philosophies which were gradually coming into competition with each other: legal formalism and legal realism. During the period c. 1900 – c. 1920, the formalist and realist camps clashed over the nature and legitimacy of judicial authority in common law, given the lack of a central, governing authority in those legal fields other than the precedent established by case law—i.e. the aggregate of earlier judicial decisions.This debate spilled over into the realm of constitutional law. Realist legal scholars and judges argued that the constitution should be interpreted flexibly and judges should not use the Constitution to impede legislative experimentation. One of the most famous proponents of this concept, known as the Living Constitution, was U.S. Supreme Court justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., who said in Missouri v. Holland the "case before us must be considered in the light of our whole experience and not merely in that of what was said a hundred years ago". The conflict between formalists and realists implicated a changing but still-persistent view of constitutional jurisprudence which viewed the U.S. Constitution as a static, universal, and general document not designed to change over time. Under this judicial philosophy, case resolution required a simple restatement of the applicable principles which were then extended to a case's facts in order to resolve the controversy. This earlier judicial attitude came into direct conflict with the legislative reach of much of Roosevelt's New Deal legislation. Examples of these judicial principles include:

the early-American fear of centralized authority which necessitated an unequivocal distinction between national powers and reserved state powers;
the clear delineation between public and private spheres of commercial activity susceptible to legislative regulation; and
the corresponding separation of public and private contractual interactions based upon "free labor" ideology and Lockean property rights.At the same time, developing modernist ideas regarding politics and the role of government placed the role of the judiciary into flux. The courts were generally moving away from what has been called "guardian review" — in which judges defended the line between appropriate legislative advances and majoritarian encroachments into the private sphere of life — toward a position of "bifurcated review". This approach favored sorting laws into categories that demanded deference towards other branches of government in the economic sphere, but aggressively heightened judicial scrutiny with respect to fundamental civil and political liberties. The slow transformation away from the "guardian review" role of the judiciary brought about the ideological—and, to a degree, generational—rift in the 1930s judiciary. With the Judiciary Bill, Roosevelt sought to accelerate this judicial evolution by diminishing the dominance of an older generation of judges who remained attached to an earlier mode of American jurisprudence.

New Deal in court
Roosevelt was wary of the Supreme Court early in his first term, and his administration was slow to bring constitutional challenges of New Deal legislation before the court. However, early wins for New Deal supporters came in Home Building & Loan Association v. Blaisdell and Nebbia v. New York at the start of 1934. At issue in each case were state laws relating to economic regulation. Blaisdell concerned the temporary suspension of creditor's remedies by Minnesota in order to combat mortgage foreclosures, finding that temporal relief did not, in fact, impair the obligation of a contract. Nebbia held that New York could implement price controls on milk, in accordance with the state's police power. While not tests of New Deal legislation themselves, the cases gave cause for relief of administration concerns about Associate Justice Owen Roberts, who voted with the majority in both cases. Roberts's opinion for the court in Nebbia was also encouraging for the administration:
[T]his court from the early days affirmed that the power to promote the general welfare is inherent in government. 
Nebbia also holds a particular significance: it was the one case in which the Court abandoned its jurisprudential distinction between the "public" and "private" spheres of economic activity, an essential distinction in the court's analysis of state police power. The effect of this decision radiated outward, affecting other doctrinal methods of analysis in wage regulation, labor, and the power of the U.S. Congress to regulate commerce.

Black Monday
Just three weeks after its defeat in the railroad pension case, the Roosevelt administration suffered its most severe setback, on May 27, 1935: "Black Monday". Chief Justice Hughes arranged for the decisions announced from the bench that day to be read in order of increasing importance.   The Supreme Court ruled unanimously against Roosevelt in three cases: Humphrey's Executor v. United States, Louisville Joint Stock Land Bank v. Radford, and Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States.

Further New Deal setbacks
With several cases laying forth the criteria necessary to respect the due process and property rights of individuals, and statements of what constituted an appropriate delegation of legislative powers to the President, Congress quickly revised the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA). However, New Deal supporters still wondered how the AAA would fare against Chief Justice Hughes's restrictive view of the Commerce Clause from the Schechter decision.

Antecedents to reform legislation
The coming conflict with the court was foreshadowed by a 1932 campaign statement Roosevelt made:

After March 4, 1929, the Republican party was in complete control of all branches of the government—the legislature, with the Senate and Congress; and the executive departments; and I may add, for full measure, to make it complete, the United States Supreme Court as well.
An April 1933 letter to the president offered the idea of packing the Court: "If the Supreme Court's membership could be increased to twelve, without too much trouble, perhaps the Constitution would be found to be quite elastic." The next month, soon-to-be Republican National Chairman Henry P. Fletcher expressed his concern: "[A]n administration as fully in control as this one can pack it [the Supreme Court] as easily as an English government can pack the House of Lords."

Searching out solutions
As early as the autumn 1933, Roosevelt had begun anticipation of reforming a federal judiciary composed of a stark majority of Republican appointees at all levels. Roosevelt tasked Attorney General Homer Cummings with a year-long "legislative project of great importance". Justice Department lawyers then commenced research on the "secret project," with Cummings devoting what time he could. The focus of the research was directed at restricting or removing the Supreme Court's power of judicial review. However, an autumn 1935 Gallup Poll had returned a majority disapproval of attempts to limit the Supreme Court's power to declare acts unconstitutional. For the time being, Roosevelt stepped back to watch and wait.Other alternatives were also sought: Roosevelt inquired about the rate at which the Supreme Court denied certiorari, hoping to attack the Court for the small number of cases it heard annually. He also asked about the case of Ex parte McCardle, which limited the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, wondering if Congress could strip the Court's power to adjudicate constitutional questions. The span of possible options even included constitutional amendments; however, Roosevelt soured to this idea, citing the requirement of three-fourths of state legislatures needed to ratify, and that an opposition wealthy enough could too easily defeat an amendment. Further, Roosevelt deemed the amendment process in itself too slow when time was a scarce commodity.

Unexpected answer
Attorney General Cummings received novel advice from Princeton University professor Edward S. Corwin in a December 16, 1936 letter. Corwin had relayed an idea from Harvard University professor Arthur N. Holcombe, suggesting that Cummings tie the size of the Supreme Court's bench to the age of the justices since the popular view of the Court was critical of their age. However, another related idea fortuitously presented itself to Cummings as he and his assistant Carl McFarland were finishing their collaborative history of the Justice Department, Federal justice: chapters in the history of justice and the Federal executive. An opinion written by Associate Justice McReynolds—one of Cumming's predecessors as Attorney General, under Woodrow Wilson—had made a proposal in 1914 which was highly relevant to Roosevelt's current Supreme Court troubles:

Judges of the United States Courts, at the age of 70, after having served 10 years, may retire upon full pay. In the past, many judges have availed themselves of this privilege. Some, however, have remained upon the bench long beyond the time that they are able to adequately discharge their duties, and in consequence the administration of justice has suffered.
I suggest an act providing that when any judge of a federal court below the Supreme Court fails to avail himself of the privilege of retiring now granted by law, that the President be required, with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint another judge, who would preside over the affairs of the court and have precedence over the older one. This will insure at all times the presence of a judge sufficiently active to discharge promptly and adequately the duties of the court.
The content of McReynolds's proposal and the bill later submitted by Roosevelt were so similar to each other that it is thought the most probable source of the idea. Roosevelt and Cummings also relished the opportunity to hoist McReynolds by his own petard. McReynolds, having been born in 1862, had been in his early fifties when he wrote his 1914 proposal, but was well over seventy when Roosevelt's plan was set forth.

Reform legislation
Contents
The provisions of the bill adhered to four central principles:

allowing the President to appoint one new, younger judge for each federal judge with 10 years service who did not retire or resign within six months after reaching the age of 70 years;
limitations upon the number of judges the President could appoint: no more than six Supreme Court justices, and no more than two on any lower federal court, with a maximum allocation between the two of 50 new judges just after the bill is passed into law;
that lower-level judges be able to float, roving to district courts with exceptionally busy or backlogged dockets; and
lower courts be administered by the Supreme Court through newly created "proctors".The latter provisions were the result of lobbying by the energetic and reformist judge William Denman of the Ninth Circuit Court who believed the lower courts were in a state of disarray and that unnecessary delays were affecting the appropriate administration of justice. Roosevelt and Cummings authored accompanying messages to send to Congress along with the proposed legislation, hoping to couch the debate in terms of the need for judicial efficiency and relieving the backlogged workload of elderly judges.The choice of date on which to launch the plan was largely determined by other events taking place. Roosevelt wanted to present the legislation before the Supreme Court began hearing oral arguments on the Wagner Act cases, scheduled to begin on February 8, 1937; however, Roosevelt also did not want to present the legislation before the annual White House dinner for the Supreme Court, scheduled for February 2. With a Senate recess between February 3–5, and the weekend falling on February 6–7, Roosevelt had to settle for February 5. Other pragmatic concerns also intervened. The administration wanted to introduce the bill early enough in the Congressional session to make sure it passed before the summer recess, and, if successful, to leave time for nominations to any newly created bench seats.

Public reaction
After the proposed legislation was announced, public reaction was split. Since the Supreme Court was generally conflated with the U.S. Constitution itself, the proposal to change the Court brushed up against this wider public reverence. Roosevelt's personal involvement in selling the plan managed to mitigate this hostility. In a Democratic Victory Dinner speech on March 4, Roosevelt called for party loyalists to support his plan.
Roosevelt followed this up with his ninth Fireside chat on March 9, in which he made his case directly to the public. In his address, Roosevelt decried the Supreme Court's majority for "reading into the Constitution words and implications which are not there, and which were never intended to be there". He also argued directly that the Bill was needed to overcome the Supreme Court's opposition to the New Deal, stating that the nation had reached a point where it "must take action to save the Constitution from the Court, and the Court from itself".Through these interventions, Roosevelt managed briefly to earn favorable press for his proposal. In general, however, the overall tenor of reaction in the press was negative. A series of Gallup Polls conducted between February and May 1937 showed that the public opposed the proposed bill by a fluctuating majority. By late March it had become clear that the President's personal abilities to sell his plan were limited:

Over the entire period, support averaged about 39%. Opposition to Court packing ranged from a low of 41% on 24 March to a high of 49% on 3 March. On average, about 46% of each sample indicated opposition to President Roosevelt's proposed legislation. And it is clear that, after a surge from an early push by FDR, the public support for restructuring the Court rapidly melted.
Concerted letter-writing campaigns to Congress against the bill were launched with opinion tallying against the bill nine-to-one. Bar associations nationwide followed suit as well lining up in opposition to the bill. Roosevelt's own Vice President John Nance Garner expressed disapproval of the bill holding his nose and giving thumbs down from the rear of the Senate chamber. The editorialist William Allen White characterized Roosevelt's actions in a column on February 6 as an "... elaborate stage play to flatter the people by a simulation of frankness while denying Americans their democratic rights and discussions by suave avoidance - these are not the traits of a democratic leader".Reaction against the bill also spawned the National Committee to Uphold Constitutional Government, which was launched in February 1937 by three leading opponents of the New Deal. Frank E. Gannett, a newspaper magnate, provided both money and publicity. Two other founders, Amos Pinchot, a prominent lawyer from New York, and Edward Rumely, a political activist, had both been Roosevelt supporters who had soured on the President's agenda. Rumely directed an effective and intensive mailing campaign to drum up public opposition to the measure. Among the original members of the Committee were James Truslow Adams, Charles Coburn, John Haynes Holmes, Dorothy Thompson, Samuel S. McClure, Mary Dimmick Harrison, and Frank A. Vanderlip. The Committee's membership reflected the bipartisan opposition to the bill, especially among better educated and wealthier constituencies. As Gannett explained, "we were careful not to include anyone who had been prominent in party politics, particularly in the Republican camp. We preferred to have the Committee made up of liberals and Democrats, so that we would not be charged with having partisan motives."The Committee made a determined stand against the Judiciary bill. It distributed more than 15 million letters condemning the plan. They targeted specific constituencies: farm organization, editors of agricultural publications, and individual farmers. They also distributed material to 161,000 lawyers, 121,000 doctors, 68,000 business leaders, and 137,000 clergymen. Pamphleteering, press releases and trenchantly worded radio editorials condemning the bill also formed part of the onslaught in the public arena.

House action
Traditionally, legislation proposed by the administration first goes before the House of Representatives. However, Roosevelt failed to consult Congressional leaders before announcing the bill, which stopped cold any chance of passing the bill in the House. House Judiciary Committee chairman Hatton W. Sumners believed the bill to be unconstitutional and refused to endorse it, actively chopping it up within his committee in order to block the legislation's chief effect of Supreme Court expansion. Finding such stiff opposition within the House, the administration arranged for the bill to be taken up in the Senate.Congressional Republicans deftly decided to remain silent on the matter, denying congressional Democrats the opportunity to use them as a unifying force. Republicans then watched from the sidelines as the Democratic party split itself in the ensuing Senate fight.

Senate hearings
The administration began making its case for the bill before the Senate Judiciary Committee on March 10, 1937. Attorney General Cummings' testimony was grounded on four basic complaints:

the reckless use of injunctions by the courts to pre-empt the operation of New Deal legislation;
aged and infirm judges who declined to retire;
crowded dockets at all levels of the federal court system; and
the need for a reform which would infuse "new blood" in the federal court system.Administration advisor Robert H. Jackson testified next, attacking the Supreme Court's alleged misuse of judicial review and the ideological perspective of the majority. Further administration witnesses were grilled by the committee, so much so that after two weeks less than half the administration's witnesses had been called. Exasperated by the stall tactics they were meeting on the committee, administration officials decided to call no further witnesses; it later proved to be a tactical blunder, allowing the opposition to indefinitely drag-on the committee hearings. Further setbacks for the administration occurred in the failure of farm and labor interests to align with the administration.However, once the bill's opposition had gained the floor, it pressed its upper hand, continuing hearings as long as public sentiment against the bill remained in doubt. Of note for the opposition was the testimony of Harvard University law professor Erwin Griswold. Specifically attacked by Griswold's testimony was the claim made by the administration that Roosevelt's court expansion plan had precedent in U.S. history and law. While it was true the size of the Supreme Court had been expanded since the founding in 1789, it had never been done for reasons similar to Roosevelt's. The following table lists all the expansions of the court:

Another event damaging to the administration's case was a letter authored by Chief Justice Hughes to Senator Burton Wheeler, which directly contradicted Roosevelt's claim of an overworked Supreme Court turning down over 85 percent of certiorari petitions in an attempt to keep up with their docket.  The truth of the matter, according to Hughes, was that rejections typically resulted from the defective nature of the petition, not from the court's docket load.

White Monday
On March 29, 1937, the court handed down three decisions upholding New Deal legislation, two of them unanimous: West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish, Wright v. Vinton Branch, and Virginia Railway v. Federation. The Wright case upheld a new Frazier-Lemke Act which had been redrafted to meet the Court's objections in the Radford case; similarly, Virginia Railway case upheld labor regulations for the railroad industry, and is particularly notable for its foreshadowing of how the Wagner Act cases would be decided as the National Labor Relations Board was modeled on the Railway Labor Act contested in the case.

Failure of reform legislation
Van Devanter retires
May 18, 1937 witnessed two setbacks for the administration. First, Associate Justice Willis Van Devanter—encouraged by the restoration of full-salary pensions under the March 1, 1937  Supreme Court Retirement Act (Public Law 75-10; Chapter 21 of the general statutes enacted in the 1st Session of the 75th Congress)—announced his intent to retire on June 2, 1937, the end of the term.This undercut one of Roosevelt's chief complaints against the court—he had not been given an opportunity in the entirety of his first term to make a nomination to the high court. It also presented Roosevelt with a personal dilemma: he had already long ago promised the first court vacancy to Senate Majority Leader Joseph T. Robinson. As Roosevelt had based his attack of the court upon the ages of the justices, appointing the 65-year-old Robinson would belie Roosevelt's stated goal of infusing the court with younger blood. Further, Roosevelt worried about whether Robinson could be trusted on the high bench; while Robinson was considered to be Roosevelt's New Deal "marshal" and was regarded as a progressive of the stripe of Woodrow Wilson, he was a conservative on some issues. However, Robinson's death six weeks later eradicated this problem. Finally, Van Devanter's retirement alleviated pressure to reconstitute a more politically friendly court.

Committee report
The second setback occurred in the Senate Judiciary Committee action that day on Roosevelt's court reform bill. First, an attempt at a compromise amendment which would have allowed the creation of only two additional seats was defeated 10–8. Next, a motion to report the bill favorably to the floor of the Senate also failed 10–8. Then, a motion to report the bill "without recommendation" failed by the same margin, 10–8. Finally, a vote was taken to report the bill adversely, which passed 10–8.On June 14, the committee issued a scathing report that called FDR's plan "a needless, futile and utterly dangerous abandonment of constitutional principle ... without precedent or justification".Public support for the plan was never very strong and dissipated quickly in the aftermath of these developments.

Floor debate
Entrusted with ensuring the bill's passage, Robinson began his attempt to get the votes necessary to pass the bill. In the meantime, he worked to finish another compromise which would abate Democratic opposition to the bill. Ultimately devised was the Hatch-Logan amendment, which resembled Roosevelt's plan, but with changes in some details: the age limit for appointing a new coadjutor was increased to 75, and appointments of such a nature were limited to one per calendar year.The Senate opened debate on the substitute proposal on July 2. Robinson led the charge, holding the floor for two days. Procedural measures were used to limit debate and prevent any potential filibuster. By July 12, Robinson had begun to show signs of strain, leaving the Senate chamber complaining of chest pains.

Death of Robinson and defeat
On July 14, 1937 a housemaid found Joseph Robinson dead of a heart attack in his apartment, the Congressional Record at his side. With Robinson gone so too were all hopes of the bill's passage. Roosevelt further alienated his party's Senators when he decided not to attend Robinson's funeral in Little Rock, Arkansas.On returning to Washington, D.C., Vice President John Nance Garner informed Roosevelt, "You are beat. You haven't got the votes." On July 22, the Senate voted 70–20 to send the judicial-reform measure back to committee, where the controversial language was stripped by explicit instruction from the Senate floor.By July 29, 1937, the Senate Judiciary Committee—at the behest of new Senate Majority Leader Alben Barkley—had produced a revised Judicial Procedures Reform Act. This new legislation met with the previous bill's goal of revising the lower courts, but without providing for new federal judges or justices.
Congress passed the revised legislation, and Roosevelt signed it into law, on August 26. This new law required that:

parties-at-suit provide early notice to the federal government of cases with constitutional implications;
federal courts grant government attorneys the right to appear in such cases;
appeals in such cases be expedited to the Supreme Court;
any constitutional injunction would no longer be enforced by one federal judge, but rather three; and
such injunctions would be limited to a sixty-day duration.

Consequences
A political fight which began as a conflict between the President and the Supreme Court turned into a battle between Roosevelt and the recalcitrant members of his own party in the Congress. The political consequences were wide-reaching, extending beyond the narrow question of judicial reform to implicate the political future of the New Deal itself. Not only was bipartisan support for Roosevelt's agenda largely dissipated by the struggle, the overall loss of political capital in the arena of public opinion was also significant. The Democratic Party lost a net of eight seats in the U.S. Senate and a net 81 seats in the U.S. House in the subsequent 1938 midterm elections.
As Michael Parrish writes, "the protracted legislative battle over the Court-packing bill blunted the momentum for additional reforms, divided the New Deal coalition, squandered the political advantage Roosevelt had gained in the 1936 elections, and gave fresh ammunition to those who accused him of dictatorship, tyranny, and fascism. When the dust settled, FDR had suffered a humiliating political defeat at the hands of Chief Justice Hughes and the administration's Congressional opponents."With the retirement of Justice Willis Van Devanter in 1937, the Court's composition began to move in support of Roosevelt's legislative agenda. By the end of 1941, following the deaths of Justices Benjamin Cardozo (1938) and Pierce Butler (1939), and the retirements of George Sutherland (1938), Louis Brandeis (1939), James Clark McReynolds (1941), and Charles Evans Hughes (1941), only two Justices (former Associate Justice, by then promoted to Chief Justice, Harlan Fiske Stone, and Associate Justice Owen Roberts) remained from the Court Roosevelt inherited in 1933.
As future Chief Justice William Rehnquist observed:

President Roosevelt lost the Court-packing battle, but he won the war for control of the Supreme Court ... not by any novel legislation, but by serving in office for more than twelve years, and appointing eight of the nine Justices of the Court. In this way the Constitution provides for ultimate responsibility of the Court to the political branches of government. [Yet] it was the United States Senate - a political body if there ever was one - who stepped in and saved the independence of the judiciary ... in Franklin Roosevelt's Court-packing plan in 1937.

Timeline
See also
Second-term curse
Stop Court-Packing Act

References
Notes
Sources
Baker, Leonard (1967). Back to Back: The Duel Between FDR and the Supreme Court. New York, NY: Macmillan.
Caldeira, Gregory A. (December 1987). "Public Opinion and The U.S. Supreme Court: FDR's Court-Packing Plan". The American Political Science Review. 81 (4): 1139–1153. doi:10.2307/1962582. JSTOR 1962582.
Cushman, Barry (1998). Rethinking the New Deal Court: The Structure of a Constitutional Revolution. New York, NY: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-511532-1.
Epstein, Lee; Walker, Thomas G. (2007). Constitutional Law for a Changing America: Institutional Powers and Constraints (6th ed.). Washington, D.C.: CQ Press. ISBN 978-1-933116-81-5.
Leuchtenburg, William E. (1995). The Supreme Court Reborn: The Constitutional Revolution in the Age of Roosevelt. New York, NY: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-511131-6.
McKenna, Marian C. (2002). Franklin Roosevelt and the Great Constitutional War: The Court-packing Crisis of 1937. New York, NY: Fordham University Press. ISBN 978-0-8232-2154-7.
Minton, Sherman Reorganization of Federal Judiciary; speeches of Hon. Sherman Minton of Indiana in the Senate of the United States, July 8 and 9, 1937. Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1937.
Schlesinger, Arthur M. (2003). The Politics of Upheaval: the Age of Roosevelt, 1935–1936. Vol. 3. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 978-0-618-34087-3.
Shaw, Stephen K.; Pederson, William D.; Williams, Frank J., eds. (2004). Franklin D. Roosevelt and the Transformation of the Supreme Court. London: M.E. Sharpe. ISBN 0-7656-1032-9.
Urofsky, Melvin I.; Finkelman, Paul (2002). A March of Liberty: A Constitutional History of the United States. Vol. 2 (2nd ed.). New York, NY: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-512637-2.
White, G. Edward (2000). The Constitution and the New Deal. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-00831-1.

External links
FDR's Fireside Chat on the bill
1990 Eyewitness Account of Law Clerk Joseph L. Rauh, Jr. (Link live as of September 15, 2008)David Arthur Coke, DFC, ( KUUK; 4 December 1915 – 9 December 1941) was a flight lieutenant in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War, and is credited with two destroyed, two probables, and two damaged aircraft during his service. He is known in popular culture for his friendship with the author Roald Dahl while serving in the Royal Air Force.

Early life and family
The second son of Thomas Coke, 4th Earl of Leicester and Marion Gertrude (née Trefusis), Coke was godson of King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom. He was a graduate of Trinity College, Cambridge.

Second World War
Coke joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (RAFVR) in June 1939, the summer before war broke out, and attended No. 5 Operational Training Unit in April 1940. He was promoted to the rank of acting pilot officer on 3 September 1940. By August 1940 he flew a Hawker Hurricane with No. 257 Squadron RAF during the Battle of Britain as a pilot officer. On 12 August 1940, his Hurricane (P3776) was badly shot up over the English Channel off Portsmouth. His finger was amputated and the aircraft was repaired. Posted to 46 Squadron in December 1940, Coke was then promoted to flying officer.He went on to fight in the Balkans campaign with No. 33 Squadron and the Syria–Lebanon campaign with No. 80 Squadron RAF. During this period with No. 80 squadron, he became friends with famed author Roald Dahl, as detailed in Dahl's autobiography Going Solo.While serving in Libya, Coke was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his work in an attack on enemy transport and for his leadership as a flight lieutenant. The citation read:
Flight Lieutenant The Hon. David Arthur COKE (73042), Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, No. 80 Squadron (since missing).This officer participated in an attack on enemy transport on the El-Adem-Acroma road one day in November 1941, in which a large number of vehicles, tanks and mechanised transport were bombed and machine-gunned. The damage inflicted played a very large part in the blocking of the road. By his skill and leadership, Flight Lieutenant Coke contributed materially to the success achieved. In addition to the low flying machine-gunning operations which have been carried out, Flight Lieutenant Coke has led the squadron with great success in air combat. During an engagement 2 days later, the squadron shared in the destruction of 5 Messerschmitt 109's.
Coke was killed in action by enemy Bf 109s in Acroma, Cyrenaica, Africa on Tuesday 9 December 1941, five days after his twenty-sixth birthday, and buried at Knightsbridge War Cemetery, Acroma, Libya (Ref. B.A. 3. B. 18).

Notes
References
Bibliography
Profile, thepeerage.com; accessed 5 April 2014."Stress" is a song by French electronic music duo Justice. It is the tenth track on their debut studio album, † (also known as Cross). A music video for the song, directed by Romain Gavras, was released on 1 May 2008 through the website of American rapper Kanye West. The video, which was subject to severe criticism, is notable for its extremely controversial content, which includes scenes of gang violence performed by young teenagers across Paris. The song itself received positive reviews from critics.

Composition
"Stress" is an electro house song that lasts a duration of four minutes and fifty-nine seconds. The track contains samples of "Night on Disco Mountain" by David Shire. In a Maxim interview, Xavier de Rosnay of Justice commented that the song was mixed in such a way that it could be an unpleasant listen and "almost give you a headache."

Critical reception
Despite the criticism and controversy surrounding its accompanying music video, the song itself received positive reviews from critics. Thomas Gorton of Dazed called "Stress" a "brilliant tune". Sarah Boden labeled the song as a highlight from Cross, saying that the song "may be the most claustrophobic club pounder you've ever encountered," and that "its piercing, incessant strings are married to a shuffling beat; think Psycho's Norman Bates doing the moonwalk." Evan Sawdey of PopMatters compared the song's horror and Halloween-esque style to that of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" and commented that "'Stress' opens like a double-time horror movie theme, all stabbing strings and John Carpenter undertones slowly co-existing before transforming into a Halloween party ass-shaker of the highest order".

Music video
The music video for "Stress" was originally uploaded to the website of American rapper Kanye West on 1 May 2008. It was eventually made available for viewing on YouTube on 25 September 2013. Lasting nearly seven minutes, it was directed by Romain Gavras and shot in 16mm film in Paris.The video is centered on young Parisian teenagers who go about the city and commit gang violence; de Rosnay himself described the video as "seven minutes of pure violence in a way people are not used to seeing". During the video, they violently harass civilians in public, vandalize property, and also jack a vehicle and set it ablaze afterward. The video also features many people of black skin, which led to people thinking of the video as racist. In response to people thinking about the video this way, Gaspard Augé of Justice responded in an interview by saying "We were expecting some fuss obviously, but definitely not on those topics... If people see racism in the video, it's definitely because they might have a problem with racism; because they only see black people beating up white people, which is not what happens."

Reception
The video received heavy criticism, resulting in immediate backlash from the public and a ban from French television. In an interview with Fact in 2016, de Rosnay noted that the National Front and anti-racist organizations both threatened to sue the duo over the video after its release. The video was named as one of the most controversial music videos of all time by both Dazed and NME. Daniel Kreps of Rolling Stone compared the video to events of the Grand Theft Auto video game series, which is notable for containing events of violence similar to the ones in the music video for "Stress". Jeffrey T. Iverson of Time also compared the video to the films La Haine, Man Bites Dog, and A Clockwork Orange, all of which feature similar events of violence as well. Complex was less critical of the music video and awarded it the number 2 spot on their "100 Best Music Videos of the 2000s" list, commenting that "the images are so arresting that you can't look away for even a second."

Remixes
Stress (DJ Snake & Alesia Trap)
Stress (Auto Remix)
Stress (Japanese version)

Usage in media
The song was later featured on the soundtrack for the video game NBA 2K13, which was curated by American rapper Jay-Z. It would be later be added to Grand Theft Auto Online to the new radio station MOTOMAMI as part of the DLC The Contract in 2021.

References
External links
"Stress" (Official Video) on YouTubeThe State of the State (Spanish: El estado del estado) is a 2016 report released in Argentina, during the presidency of Mauricio Macri. It details the conditions of the state as of December 10, 2015, after the presidencies of Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. This report was announced on March 1, 2016, by president Macri, during the Opening of regular sessions of the National Congress of Argentina.

Contents
The contents of the report have been divided in 219 items.The Ministry of Social Development was received with a debt of $500,000,000, and $13,544,000 from the budget for social houses was destined to unrelated purposes. A third of all the houses built by it did not meet the minimal standards, and 60% of the families benefited with them did not receive the property title.The state had a debt over $3,000,000,000 with national universities, and teachers at seven provinces were paid below the minimum wage. The Posadas hospital had used only 25% of the 2015 budget for infrastructure improvements, and 400,000 deceased retirees were still receiving benefits at PAMI.The country had a recession since 2012, and industrial activity decreased all months from 2013 to 2015. Exports fell by 25%, and the fiscal deficit was %5,5 of the whole economy. No jobs in the private sector had been created since 2012. 18,000 jobs in the food industry were lost, and the country fell from being the 3º international provider of meats to the 12º. 4,000,000 of workers in the private sector were not fully legally employed, and 51% of the people in the country had employment problems.Ephedrine imports grew over 100% in a few years, and statistics about crime in Argentina ceased to be published in 2008. There were more than 700 denounces of corruption crimes, and the Ezeiza prison had debts for $800,000,000.

References
External links
El estado del estado (in Spanish)Yards Brewing Company is a craft brewery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, specializing in ales, particularly those in the English tradition.  In 1994 friends Tom Kehoe and Jon Bovit established Yards after producing their own homebrews since 1988. Within the first few months, "the Yards Guys" were producing one six-keg batch at a time out of their 3.5-barrel brewhouse, and supplying ESA, Entire Porter, and several other cask-conditioned ales to bars. After several partnership changes, Kehoe has continued expanding the Yards brand by moving to larger locations and incrementally increasing the overall output capacity.  In 2015, Yards was capable of brewing 55,000 barrels.

The first pour
Yards ESA was first publicly poured at the Philadelphia Craft Beer Festival on April 29, 1995 in booth 406.  Many people refer to this day as "Ground Zero" for today’s Philadelphia beer scene. Dawson Street Pub purchased one of the first ESA kegs from Yards, and offered hand-pumped pours to customers during a happy hour on Friday May 19, 1995.  The remaining ESA kegs were self-delivered by Bovit and Kehoe to Khyber Pass, Cavanaugh's 39th Street, and Sugar Mom's.

Brewery locations
The first facility was a garage-sized brewery located at 219 Krams Avenue in Manayunk.  By the end of 1996, Yards had grown to a production capability of 795 barrels.  In 1997 Yards moved to 5050 Umbria Street in the neighboring section of Roxborough. This larger facility allowed Yards to bottle its beer for the first time, and to contract brew for Manayunk Brewing Company, Dock Street Brewing Company, Barley Creek Brewing Company, and Gravity Brew Co., which has since closed. At the height of this location's production, Yards had brewed 2100 barrels.Yards Brewing Company moved in 2001 to the old Weisbrod & Hess Brewery in Kensington. Tom Kehoe partnered and signed the lease for this property with Bill and Nancy Barton.  At this new location, Yards was capable of brewing 10,000 barrels.

This partnership was short lived, and in 2007 Kehoe and the Barton family split ways.  This allowed Kehoe to sign a lease on the current location property located in Northern Liberties.  Within the first year at this new location Yards had brewed 6,500 barrels.  This location was the first brewery in Pennsylvania to be powered, entirely, by wind.  It features a 100-person maximum capacity pub-styled tasting room, featuring a 12-tap system, a century old billiards table, and a shuffleboard.  The same year Yards "went 100% green" (2011), they achieved status as a "Regional Craft Brewer" by the Brewer's Association and reintroduced the original 3.5 barrel system, "Yards One." As of 2015, the Northern Liberties location reached a capacity of 55,000 barrels and had successfully brewed 41,500 barrels.Despite the large output capacity, Kehoe desired an even larger facility.  In 2016, Kehoe had stated that Yards was looking to move to a location on the 500 block of Spring Garden Street in Philadelphia.  Out of the proposed location's 200,000 square feet, Yards' new facility would occupy 80,000 feet.  Due to concerns of what would happen should Kehoe and the Yards team decide to move yet again, the zoning committee needed to further deliberate the location approval.  As of March 2017, M&T Bank granted Yards Brewing Company an $8.5 million loan to begin constructing their new 70,000 square foot facility located in the now vacant Destination Maternity headquarters.  The estimated cost for the completion of the project is $19 million.  The remaining financial backing is reported to be coming from local and state financing.  Construction is estimated around $6 million, while equipment is estimated to cost $13 million.  Tom Kehoe stated that this "labor of love" would bring "new life to this area of Spring Garden" when it opens.  The tentative launch date is set sometime between October and December 2017.

Ales of the Revolution
Yards Brewing Company takes tremendous pride in associating the city of Philadelphia with the country's founding fathers, not only for history's sake, but also as some were brewers themselves.  In 1999, Yards launched a collaborative effort with City Tavern, which specializes in recreating 18th century recipes, to lay the foundation of what would become the Ales of the Revolution series.  To create this series of history-inspired beers, Yards drew inspiration from brewing recipes originally belonging to George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Benjamin Franklin.  By 2004, Thomas Jefferson’s Tavern Ale and General Washington’s Tavern Porter became available year-round.  The following year, Yards began developing Poor Richards Tavern Spruce, in an effort to release an Ale of the Revolution for Benjamin Franklin's 300th birthday in 2006.

Distribution
Yards had been a self-distributing brewery, from Kehoe and Bovit's first keg deliveries of ESA to Dawson Street Pub, Khyber Pass, Cavanaugh's 39th St, and Sugar Mom's, until 2008.  Yards then partnered with Muller, Inc to begin regional and interstate distribution.  Currently, Yards' products are distributed throughout the Mid-Atlantic region with 80% of its nearly 40,000 barrel production being distributed in the Philadelphia tri-state area (Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware).  As of May 2015 Yards is the largest brewery operating in the city of Philadelphia.

Ownership
Friends Jon Bovit and Tom Kehoe had a long-standing history of brewing beers for their friends while in college.  After completing a brewery internship with British Brewing Company in Maryland, the duo partnered and signed a lease for the original Manayunk facility.  Despite the long-standing history between the two, and the brand gaining recognition, Bovit resigned from the company in 1999.  While no longer a financial partner, Bovit is still reported to collaborate on certain brews with Kehoe.In 2001, Kehoe found new financial and business partners, Nancy and Bill Barton.  The trio moved on to open the Kensington location, in the restored Weisbrod and Hess brewery, which allowed Yards to construct a bottling line, and open a tasting room for the general public.  Although this partnership only lasted until 2007, the company had gained financial stability, increased brand recognition, and quadrupled the brewery's output capacity.  After their formal resignation in July 2007, the Barton family leased the space to Kehoe until he could find a new location for Yards.  They then went on to transform their facility into the headquarters of the Philadelphia Brewing Company.

Products
See also
Barrel-aged beer

References
Brewer's Desk blog ("No posts.")
Bryson, Lew (July 24, 2007). "Yards partners split up". Seen Through a Glass.
"Yards Partners Split; Kehoe Keeps Yards Brand & Bartons To Form Philadelphia Brewing Co". The Beeryard. Wayne, PA. July 30, 2007.
"Yards Distribution Rights Go To Muller Inc.url=http://www.beeryard.com/news/default.cfm?action=view&id=981". The Beeryard. Wayne, PA. December 6, 2007. {{cite web}}: Missing or empty |url= (help)

External links
www.yardsbrewing.comThe 2013 Australian Grand Prix (formally known as the 2013 Formula 1 Rolex Australian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race that was held on 17 March 2013 as the opening round of the 2013 World Championship. The race was held at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit in the Melbourne suburb of Albert Park. It was the 78th race in the combined history of the Australian Grand Prix – which dates back to the 100 Miles Road Race of 1928 – and the 18th time the event has been held at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit. The race was won by Kimi Räikkönen with Fernando Alonso coming second and Sebastian Vettel coming third.This was the last time a Formula One race was won by a driver from a team other than Mercedes, Ferrari or Red Bull, until Pierre Gasly won the 2020 Italian Grand Prix driving for Scuderia AlphaTauri, 147 races later.It was also Kimi Räikkönen's last race victory until the 2018 United States Grand Prix.

Report
Background
Following the collapse of HRT F1 in December 2012, the grid for the season was reduced to twenty-two entries, necessitating changes to the structure of qualifying. The three-round knockout system introduced in 2006 remained in place, but only six cars, instead of seven, were eliminated during the first period of qualifying, with six more eliminated at the end of the second period. The third qualifying period remains unchanged with the ten fastest drivers all advancing to the final ten minutes of qualifying.During the winter off-season, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile introduced new rules restricting the use of the Drag Reduction System during free practice and qualifying, limiting its use to the circuit's designated DRS zones. However, during Friday practice, the race stewards encountered a technical glitch in the telemetry system that controlled the availability of DRS, meaning that the system would be completely unrestricted. This forced the stewards to rely on drivers to use the system honestly, threatening penalties to any driver caught using DRS outside the designated areas. The same error meant that the stewards would be unable to notify drivers via telemetry of warning flags, instead relying on marshalls around the circuit to display them and teams to warn drivers up upcoming flags during the race.
Tyre supplier Pirelli provided teams with the super-soft and medium compound tyres for the race, compared to the soft and medium selection offered in 2012.

Qualifying
Q1
Prior to the first qualifying session of the season, Melbourne had experienced a record heatwave and no rain for almost the entire month of March. These dry conditions, however, did not prevail with precipitation occurring over free practice, turning into heavy rainfalls just before qualifying. After an initial thirty-minute postponement from the official 17:00 (local time) start, the first session of qualifying eventually started and was held in wet conditions with all drivers on wet tyres. Conditions were tricky, resulting in some drivers taking off-field excursions. Lewis Hamilton lost control of his car during turn 2 and slid into the wall. He was able to reverse back onto the circuit and continue, albeit with minor damage to his rear wing. Felipe Massa also spun into the wall after turn 14, escaping with only a broken front wing. As the track dried out, however, drivers switched to intermediate tyres and lap times began dropping for over the remainder of the session. Esteban Gutiérrez spun at the same place as Massa had previously, stalling the engine. The incident ended his qualifying session and prejudiced the lap times of others drivers.
At the end of Q1, six drivers were eliminated. Pastor Maldonado qualified seventeenth after going off the circuit, whilst Gutiérrez's crash meant that the Mexican was unable to continue and was subsequently eliminated in eighteenth place. Marussia's Jules Bianchi (on his Formula One debut) and Max Chilton qualified nineteenth and twentieth respectively, ahead of the Caterhams of Giedo van der Garde and Charles Pic. The latter failed to set a lap time within 107% of the fastest time, set by Nico Rosberg, meaning his participation in the race depended on dispensation from the race stewards.

Q2
With debris from several accidents during Q1 scattered across the track, the break between Q1 and Q2 was extended to allow marshalls to clean up. Over this period, however, rain intensified forcing a postponement of the session. Marshalls resorted to brooms in a bid to remove puddles forming on the poorly drained public road surface. With qualifying and the race being run late in the afternoon to accommodate European television audiences, twilight approached and the stewards tried to schedule a restart at 18:30 and then finally 18:50. The rain continued, albeit very lightly, and stewards ultimately chose to suspend qualifying. The final two sessions (Q2 and Q3) were thus rescheduled for Sunday morning.The Q2 session was scheduled to begin at 11:00 (local time) while the weather was cool and cloudy with an air temperature of only 15 °C (59 °F). The track remained damp from overnight rain and was also cool 13 °C (55 °F); humidity was hovering around 63%. In the end, it was Nico Hülkenberg, Adrian Sutil, Jean-Éric Vergne, Daniel Ricciardo, Sergio Pérez and Valtteri Bottas who failed to make it through to Q3.

Q3
The Red Bulls locked out the front row with Sebastian Vettel on pole and Mark Webber on second.

Race
The race began at 17:00 local time, with Nico Hülkenberg unable to take part in the race due to worries over a fuel feed problem in his Sauber C32. Sebastian Vettel got a perfect start from pole and went into the first corner unchallenged, but the same could not be said of teammate Mark Webber who started alongside him, as a problem with an ECU meant that he could not use his KERS off the start line and he ended up dropping down to seventh. The chief beneficiaries of this were the Ferraris, with Felipe Massa moving from fourth to second and Alonso to third after overtaking Lewis Hamilton around the outside of Turn 3. Kimi Räikkönen moved up to fifth ahead of Nico Rosberg and Webber and on the second lap took fourth from Hamilton by passing him at Turn 11. His Lotus teammate Romain Grosjean went backwards from eighth to eleventh, losing places to Paul di Resta, Jenson Button and Adrian Sutil.
All the jostling behind Vettel helped him to gain a two-second lead by the end of the first lap. That was soon erased out by Massa and Alonso who rapidly caught up. Jenson Button made his first pit stop to switch from the super-softs to the medium tyres after just four laps and was followed by many others. Webber lost even further time and places during this period with a slow pitstop due to an issue with his jacks. The leaders elected to stay longer than the others, Vettel waiting for seven laps before pitting, Massa eight and Alonso and Räikkönen two laps further. The quartet rejoined in the same order, but more spread out due to Vettel and Massa gaining an extra lap on the new set of tyres. Hamilton and Rosberg, having realized that they did not have the pace of those in front, ran till lap 13 and 14 respectively in order to attempt a two-stop strategy.
This left Sutil and Sergio Pérez, two of the drivers who elected to start the race on mediums out in front ahead of Vettel, Massa, Alonso and Räikkönen. Pérez was unable to make the mediums last and was quickly dispatched by the quartet on fresher mediums. Sutil was a totally different prospect. Vettel was unable to pass him despite having closed rapidly and this soon helped bring Massa and Alonso back on to his tail. Neither of them were able to make any direct impression. Räikkönen began to rapidly close in as well. Neither Webber nor Grosjean had got out of the midfield after their poor starts, with the former in ninth and the latter in eleventh.
On lap 20, Alonso decided to make an early second pitstop for new tyres. Sutil and Vettel came in a lap later, but the lap on fresh tyres was enough for the Spanish driver to jump both Germans. Massa stayed out for too long and dropped to the back of the group. Räikkönen, Hamilton and Rosberg now held the top three places, all three of them attempting two-stop strategies. Alonso was fourth, Vettel fifth having passed Sutil and Massa dropped to seventh. The two Mercedes started to experience a drop-off in their lap times but Räikkönen was still able to drive at a consistent speed despite having pitted for the tyres four laps before the Mercedes drivers. The tyre issue became academic for Rosberg when he retired close to half-distance with an electrical failure. Hamilton was now vulnerable to the drivers with newer tyres. Alonso attacked and passed Hamilton on lap 32 despite his best efforts to defend. The Briton flatspotted his tyre and had to pit immediately and rejoined in sixth place just ahead of di Resta and Webber.
With a clear track in front of him, Alonso now started to rapidly close in on Räikkönen's 16 second lead. The Finn responded by making his second pitstop on lap 34, rejoining in fifth. During this stint, Alonso was able to drop Vettel and build a five-second gap over the German driver, who in turn was building a similar gap to Sutil. Massa, like Vettel earlier, was held up behind Sutil unable to pass despite having a faster car. The frustrated Brazilian made his final pit stop early as a result on lap 36. Vettel followed suit to cover him next lap, whereas Alonso, now having the cushion of a gap was able to wait until lap 39. On the same lap, after releasing Button from 11th place, Daniel Ricciardo was forced to retire with a broken exhaust. Sutil now led from Räikkönen and Alonso but could do little to keep them behind with older tyres. Räikkönen took full advantage when Alonso got held up behind Sutil as the Finn had a seven-second gap to the Spaniard. Hamilton decided that a two-stop strategy was not going to work once Vettel and Massa passed him. He made a third stop for fresh tyres, again rejoining in front of di Resta and Webber.
When Sutil made his final pitstop on lap 46 while running third, he had to switch to the super-soft tyres as he had started on the mediums unlike the leaders. He rejoined fifth, but quickly found out that the super-softs wore out rapidly. Sutil was defenseless when first Hamilton and then a recovering Webber attacked him on lap 51. Despite the newer tyres, neither Alonso nor Vettel were able to make an impression on leader Räikkönen. Räikkönen hammered the point home by setting the fastest lap of the race on lap 56, which was the 23rd lap on the same set of tyres. Alonso backed off and settled for second after almost crashing into the back of Charles Pic while lapping the Caterham driver.
Räikkönen won from Alonso and Vettel completed the podium. Massa was fourth after having to back off in the latter stages to conserve his tyres. Hamilton fifth ahead of Webber. Sutil, despite the badly worn super-softs, still held on for seventh ahead of his teammate di Resta. The battle for ninth was ultimately won by Button, with Grosjean taking the final point, holding off Pérez and Jean-Éric Vergne. Esteban Gutiérrez was the best placed rookie in 13th, one place ahead of Valtteri Bottas. Jules Bianchi was 15th, comfortably ahead of his teammate and the two Caterhams. Ferrari took the lead in the Constructor's Championship, with Lotus-Renault second and Red Bull-Renault third.
The win was the twentieth of Räikkönen's career, tying him with Finnish compatriot Mika Häkkinen. It was also his last until the 2018 United States Grand Prix.

Classification
Qualifying
Notes
^1  — Charles Pic failed to set a time within 107% of the fastest time in the session, but was allowed to start by the race stewards.

Race
Championship standings after the race
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.

References


== External links ==Ndaroini is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.

References

Ndaroini is a small shopping center in a hill, other important places near ndaroini is Ndaroini coffee factory, Gatundu primary and secondary schoolsLeonardo DRS, formerly DRS Technologies, Inc., is a US-based defense contractor. Previously traded on the NYSE, the company was purchased by the Italian firm Finmeccanica (now Leonardo S.p.A.) in October 2008.

History
Diagnostic/Retrieval Systems, Inc (DRS) was founded in 1968 by Leonard Newman (whose son, Mark Newman, was the CEO until January 2012) and David Gross, two engineers working for Loral Corporation.  The two were working on signal processing techniques for anti-submarine warfare.  When Loral chose to pursue other technology, Newman and Gross founded DRS to continue their research, which ultimately led to development of the AN/SQR-17 passive submarine detection system, a product still used today.
DRS went public in 1981 and acquired its first company in 1984.  By 1994, DRS set a goal to become a mid-tier defense contractor, defined by $500M in sales – notwithstanding that DRS at the time had only $58M in sales.  Six years later, at the turn of the century, DRS reached the $391M sales level, and in 2004 surpassed the $1B sales mark.DRS was acquired by the Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica S.p.A. (now Leonardo) in 2008.

Products
Advanced Trainer
Leonardo DRS T-100 Integrated Training System
M1000 Trailer, part of the Heavy Equipment Transport System

Drone
DRS RQ-15 Neptune
DRS Sentry HP

See also
Top 100 US Federal Contractors
War economy

References
External links
DRS Technologies, Inc. Corporate Web Site
Washington Technology's Top 100 Federal Prime Contractors
Best for Vets 2012: EmployersBlackadder is a hamlet on the B6460, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, located at grid reference NT846523.
Places nearby include Allanton, Duns, Edrom, Fogo, Gavinton, and  Whitsome.

See also
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of places in Scotland


== External links ==This article provides information on elections and election results in Austria.
On the federal level, there are two main elections: presidential elections and elections to determine the composition of the National Council (Nationalrat), the lower house of Austria's bicameral Parliament. The upper house consists of delegates from the states and is not directly elected. These elections are governed by federal law, which also applies to European Parliament elections in Austria.
Austria's federal president (Bundespraesident) is elected for a six-year term by a majority of the voters, rather than based on the highest number of votes, a system known as first-past-the-post. The majority rule may require a run-off when no one candidate receives more than 50% of the votes cast, as happened in 2016.
National Council elections must be held every five years by proportional representation. Such elections may be called early if the National Council is dissolved prematurely, as happened in 2017 and again in 2019.
Austria has a multi-party system. From 1945 to 1986, Austrian elections and politics generally were dominated by two main parties, one center-left, the other center-right, with a third party also winning seats in the National Council. From 1986 onward a multi-party system evolved, with no one party having enough support to hold a majority of seats in parliament, and the resultant need for alliances and power-sharing in a series of coalition governments. The two most recent coalition governments --- ÖVP & SPÖ and ÖVP & FPÖ—both failed. Following the 2019 National Council elections, in which its former coalition partners suffered heavy losses, the victorious ÖVP is now negotiating with the Green Party to form a third variant of a two-party coalition government; one for which examples so far only exists at the state level.
For a political party to be represented in the National Council, it must either receive at least 4% of all valid votes cast nationwide or win one mandate (seat) in one of the regional electoral districts. If a party fails to satisfy either requirement, it is not entitled to participate in the proportional allocation of seats based on the party's share of the votes. This restriction is designed to discourage political parties from splintering and producing an unmanageable proliferation of small parties in parliament.
In some cases, a national referendum can be called by the Austrian Parliament.
In 2007, the voting age was lowered from 18 to 16 in all federal elections. Some states had already lowered the voting age for state and local election before 2007.

Voting rights and restrictions
Austrian election law distinguishes between the "active" right to vote and the "passive" right to be elected, i.e. stand as a candidate (actives vs. passives Wahlrecht), with different minimum-age requirements. Citizens who will have attained age 16 by election day and older may exercise the right to vote in elections at all levels of government. Citizens 18 and up may stand as candidates in elections except for presidential elections, in which the minimum age to stand as a candidate is 35.
Citizens of other European Union member states with a permanent residence in Austria may vote in European Union elections and in municipal elections.Citizens who are sentenced to more than five years of imprisonment can lose their voting rights for the duration of their sentence if the judge determines that such a suspension is warranted. This preclusion period is shortened to one year for specific offenses (such as terrorism, voter fraud, and treason).Until 2011, members of current or former ruling noble houses (i.e. members of the Habsburg family) were ineligible for office.

The Proportional Representation (PR) System in Austria
The overall objective of Austria’s election system for parliament and other legislative bodies is to assure the proportional allocation of seats based on the share of the votes received by the political parties at the polls so that the composition of the legislative body will faithfully represent the preferences of the electorate.
This system requires voters to select among political parties on their ballot, rather than among competing candidates. The standard manner of expressing that choice is by placing an ‘x’ in the circle next to the name of the party on the paper ballot (Stimmzettel). There is as yet no legal basis for e-voting in Austrian elections. Voters have some ability to affect the fortunes of particular candidates on their favored party’s list by casting preference votes. When doing so, however, they may not cross party-lines. Any preference votes for candidates of another party are invalid. Austria’s version of PR thus basically remains a party-list system despite the preference-vote feature.
Conversion of votes to seats in federal parliamentary elections
In elections for the National Council (Nationalrat), which is the lower house of Austria’s parliament, proportionality is maximized through the utilization of a three-stage process of allocating mandates; in state and local elections a similar method is used, but it is simpler: it only involves two stages. There are also some minor differences among states because each state has its own election law for state and local elections, whereas the National Council elections are governed by a specific federal election act (Nationalrats-Wahlordnung 1992). Presidential elections and European Parliament elections are also governed by federal law.
For purposes of National Council elections, each state (Bundesland) constitutes an electoral unit (Landwahlkreis), and each of the nine states is subdivided into regional electoral districts (Regionalwahlkreise), for a total of 39. Political parties may compete nationwide, but are not required to do so. In order to receive any representation in the National Council, however, a party must satisfy at least one of two alternative conditions: Win a basic mandate (Direktmandat) in one of the regional districts or receive at least 4% of all valid votes cast nationwide.
In order to win a basic mandate, the party must receive enough votes to meet or exceed the Wahlzahl in at least one regional district. The Wahlzahl is not a number fixed by law, but is determined by dividing the total number of valid votes cast in the state by the total number of mandates available to be allocated for that state. The number of mandates apportioned to states varies because of large differences in population size. It is periodically readjusted based on the results of the most recent census to assure that each vote has the same weight regardless of there in the country it is cast.
Any remaining votes (i.e. votes that did not result in the allocation of a seat as a Direktmandat) are then aggregated in the next stage of the process, in which seats based on the Wahlzahl are allocated based on the combined number of votes in the larger electoral unit. This procedure prevents votes that were not applied to meeting the Wahlzahl, and did not, therefore, contribute to the allocation of a mandate, from being "lost" or "wasted" and not having an impact on the ultimate election outcome. In National Council elections, any remaining seats in the 183-member body, i.e. seats not filled through the first two stages of the votes-to-seats conversion process, are then filled by aggregating votes nationwide and assigning the remaining seats to the parties based on the D'Hondt method. In state elections, there is no third stage because there is no nationwide vote.
Variation of Austria’s PR System of Election at the Sub-national Level
Austria’s constituent states (Bundeslaender) – also frequently referred to as federal provinces in English translation—vary with respect to the minimum-requirement to enter the state legislature. The rules governing such elections are not uniform because they are governed by state law, rather than by national law.
In Styria, for example, no 4% or any other threshold requirement applies. Instead, a party must at least win one basic mandate (Grundmandat) in one of the four regional electoral districts (Wahlkreise); it may then aggregate its remaining votes from all four districts and participate on the allocation of the remaining mandates (Restmandate) in the second stage of the votes-to-seats conversion process. In the Styrian version of PR, the Wahlzahl in the second stage differs from the Wahlzahl that governs the district-per-district allocation of mandates in the first stage. In contrast to federal elections, the Wahlzahl is computed separately for each district. There is, therefore, inter-district variation in the number of votes a party needs to earn a basic mandate.In the most recent elections for Styria’s legislature (Landtagswahlen) in October 2019, three small parties, including the Communist Party and the NEOS, were able to enter the Landtag by winning at least one Grundmandat in the district that includes Graz, the state’s capital. Each was then eligible to participate in the allocation of the remaining eight mandates (Restmandate), and each won one additional seat, while the remainder went to the larger parties.As can be seen in this example, smaller parties do better under this variant of the PR system when their electoral support is concentrated geographically. As also illustrated, seemingly arcane details in the mechanics of how votes are counted and converted into seats can have important consequences.

Latest parliamentary elections
2019 legislative election
2016 Presidential election
Election results 1945–2019
Referendums
The Austrian constitution defines two types of referendums on the federal level: binding referendums and non-binding referendums.

Binding referendum
A binding referendum is mandatory:

if the President is removed from office before the end of his term (Article 60, Section 6 of the Federal Constitution), and
in case of comprehensive change of the Federal Constitution (Article 44, Section 3 of the Federal Constitution).A binding referendum is facultative (not mandatory) in case of non-comprehensive changes in the Federal Constitution. Such facultative referendum is to be conducted if at least one third of the members of the National Council or the Federal Council requests it.
There have only been two binding referendums in post-1945 Austria: The nuclear power referendum in 1978 and the European Union membership referendum which was called because accession to European Union was deemed to be a comprehensive change to the Constitution.

Non-binding referendum
The National Council has the power to call on a non-binding referendum on matters of great importance. Such a referendum is called by majority of members of the National Council. Results of such a referendum are advisory. There was one such referendum in post-1945 Austria:

the conscription referendum in 2013The "no" option won, and the National Council accepted the result of the referendum and acted accordingly.

See also
Electoral calendar
Electoral system

References
External links
Adam Carr's Election Archive
Parties and Elections
Austrian Federal Ministry of the Interior: Elections
NSD: European Election Database - Austria publishes regional level election data; allows for comparisons of election results, 1990-2008Kuwait participated in the 2010 Asian Para Games–First Asian Para Games in Guangzhou, China from 13 to 19 December 2010. Kuwait won three medals, and finished at the 26th spot in a medal table. Unaffected by its Asian Games counterpart suspension by the International Olympic Committee, it participated at the sporting event under its own national flag.

See also
Athletes from Kuwait at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Athletes from Kuwait at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes from Kuwait at the 2011 Asian Winter Games


Nerves Junior were an American indie rock band based in Louisville, Kentucky. Over its six-year life, the band released a full-length album, As Bright As Your Night Light in September 2011 to favorable reviews. An EP Craters EP was released in 2013, before the band came to an end in May 2015.

History
The group Nerves Junior formed in 2009 sharing a love for fringe garage rock and pop. Their music has been described as expansive, eclectic, experimental psychedelic rock. The band has garnered comparisons to Radiohead with "effects-heavy lead guitar and the adventurous electronic beats".Their sonaBLAST! Records 2011 release As Bright As Your Night Light was Pretty Much Amazing's Best Reviewed Album of the Year for 2011.

Discography
Studio albums
As Bright As Your Night Light, 2011

EPs
Craters EP,2013

References
External links
Nerves Junior on Facebook
Nerves Junior on Twitter 
Nerves Junior discography at DiscogsThe Screaming Jets is a self-titled, third studio album released by the Australian rock band The Screaming Jets. The album was released in August 1995 and debuted and peaked at number 5 on the ARIA charts and was certified gold.

Reviews
Jonathan Lewis of AllMusic gave the album 4 out 5 saying; "It's no coincidence that The Screaming Jets chose to self-title their third album. For The Screaming Jets, the band changed their approach somewhat, introducing more thoughtful lyrics and toning down the metal aspect of their music. The change is a good one, and this is a much more mature effort from the band. As a group they are tighter than ever and the quality of their songwriting has improved noticeably from their two previous outings. But changing a successful formula, regardless of how good a change it is, is always going to alienate fans. The Screaming Jets failed to live up to the success of its predecessor but [is] Screaming Jets' best. "

Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Band members
Dave Gleeson – vocals
Paul Woseen – bass guitar, backing vocals
Jimi "The Human" Hocking – guitar
Craig Rosevear – drums
Grant Walmsley – guitar, backing vocals


Adrienn Bende (born 25 June 1985) is a Hungarian racing driver and model.

Life
Model career
Bende was born in Budapest, and was the winner of the Miss Universe Hungary contest in 2006, and one of the 20 semi-finalists of the Miss Universe 2006 contest from Los Angeles.

Racing career
She is since 2011 race driver at the Lotus Ladies Cup in Lotus Elise. Bende's first racing team was ProexSport Kft, since 2014 she is a driver for Czollner Motorsport.


Bondar-e Geshkin (Persian: بندرگشكين, also Romanized as Bonbdar-e Geshkīn) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 224, in 42 families.


The Engine Alliance (EA) is an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in East Hartford, Connecticut. The company is a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation, a subsidiary of General Electric, and Pratt & Whitney, a subsidiary of Raytheon Technologies. Engine Alliance was established in August 1996 to develop, manufacture, sell, and support a family of aircraft engines for new high-capacity, long-range aircraft.The main application for such an engine, the GP7100, was originally for the Boeing 747-500/600X projects, before these were cancelled due to lack of demand from airlines.
Instead, the GP7000 has been re-optimized for use on the Airbus A380 superjumbo. In that market it competed with the Rolls-Royce Trent 900, the launch engine for the aircraft. The two EA variants are the GP7270 and the GP7277.
On September 30, 2017, an Engine Alliance GP7270 engine suffered from an uncontained failure during the passenger flight of Air France Flight 66.

References
External links
Official websiteGilford High School (GHS) is the public high school in Gilford, New Hampshire. Accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, Gilford is a comprehensive public school housing grades 9 through 12, serving the towns of Gilford and Gilmanton.

Extracurricular activities
Student groups and activities include Amnesty International, book club, coffee house, drama, environmental club, Friends of Rachel, French club, Granite State Challenge, homework club, Interact, literary magazine, math team, National Honor Society, robotics club, SADD, snowboard club, Spanish club, student council, varsity club, and yearbook
Gilford High School is a member of the New Hampshire Interscholastic Athletic Association in division III. The teams, known as the Golden Eagles, compete in baseball, basketball, cross country, field hockey, football, ice hockey, lacrosse, golf, skiing, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, and volleyball.
In the 1990s, the school soccer team, under coach Dave Pinkham, went 9 years without losing a game (the team was state champion each year). Gilford varsity holds many national records including most consecutive championships (10), most consecutive games without a loss (133), and fewest goals allowed in a season (1). During the 2002 season they were also ranked as high as #24 in the nation in the National Soccer Coaches Association of America poll. The Gilford High School volleyball team, under coach Joan Forge, won nine consecutive state championships from 1999 to 2007.

Notable alumni
David Cote, arts journalist, playwright and opera librettist
Stefan Defregger, professional soccer player for the Wilmington Hammerheads
Chris Sheridan, television screenwriter for Family Guy

References
External links
Gilford High School official websiteClemens of Saxony (Clemens Maria Joseph Nepomuk Aloys Vincenz Xaver Franz de Paula Franz de Valois Joachim Benno Philipp Jakob; 1 May 1798 – 4 January 1822) was a Prince of Saxony. He was the second son of Prince Maximilian of Saxony (1759–1838) and his first wife, Princess Carolina of Parma (1770–1804), daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Parma. He was a member of the house of Wettin.

Biography
Clemens was born in Dresden, one of the seven children of Maximilian of Saxony by his first wife Princess Carolina of Parma. His father was a son of Frederick Christian, Elector of Saxony, while his mother was a daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Parma. Through his mother, Clemens was also a direct descendant of Louis XIV of France and Empress Maria Theresa. He was raised alongside his two brothers, the future kings Frederick Augustus II and Johann I. Clemens was a young boy during the time of the Napoleonic wars and had to flee from his home several times; he and his family were forced to sleep on straw wherever they could find shelter.
In 1815, Clemens visited the Austrian headquarters accompanied by his older brother. Archduke Ferdinand of Austria-Este gave them the warmest welcome. After visiting Paris and the capitals of southern Germany, Clemens and Frederick Augustus returned to Dresden in October, where they continued their studies with their younger brother Johann. During a trip to Italy with his brothers, Clemens contracted a fever and died in Pisa on January 4, 1822.

Ancestry


Isin Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايسين) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,735, with 4,990 families. The rural district has 47 villages.


Permanent water rights, within the Canadian province of Alberta, are rights acquired from the crown that give the holder rights to use a body of water for a specified purpose and for an indefinite time.El tejedor de milagros ("The Weaver of Miracles") is a 1962 Mexican drama film directed by Francisco del Villar. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.

Cast
Pedro Armendáriz
Columba Domínguez
Begoña Palacios
Sergio Bustamante
Enrique Lucero
Aurora Clavel
Hortensia Santoveña
José Gálvez
José Luis Jiménez
Pilar Souza
Fanny Schiller
Ada Carrasco
Virginia Manzano
Sadi Dupeyrón
Lupe Carriles
Miguel Suárez
Victorio Blanco
Socorro Avelar

References
External links
El tejedor de milagros at IMDbCarley Thomas (born 26 December 2000) is an Australian athlete. She competed in the women's 800 metres event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships.

References
External links
Carley Thomas at World AthleticsHarford Secondary School for Girls is a secondary school for girls in Moyamba, Sierra Leone.

History
The roots of the school lie in the Mary Sowers School for Girls, founded by United Brethren in Christ (UBC) missionaries at Rotifunk. The school was closed during the Hut Tax War of 1898, but was reopened as the Moyamba Girls School. In 1903 the school was merged with the UBC's girls' boarding school at Shenge, and buildings were completed and occupied at Rotifunk in 1908. Julius Gulama taught at the school before he became a paramount chief in 1928. In 1921 the school was renamed the Lilian Harford School for Girls, after the American missionary Lillian Resler Keister Harford, and in 1944 the school became a secondary school.The American missionary Esther L. Megill taught biology at Harford for a year in 1957, and later published her reminiscences of the school. From 1961 to 1965 William Henry Fitzjohn and his wife Alice served as Principal and Vice-Principal of Harford School. John K. Yambasu, later Bishop, was a senior teacher and school chaplain from 1982 to 1990.During the Sierra Leone Civil War the school's buildings were badly damaged, and the school has needed to rebuild itself since then.

Alumni
Lucy Sharon-Mae Anthony, first woman bishop in Sierra Leone.
Ella Koblo Gulama (1921-2006), Sierra Leone's first female Member of Parliament
Umu Hawa Tejan-Jalloh (born 1949), Chief Justice of Sierra Leone

External links
Harford ex-pupils association


Emerald Lake is a lake in the southern Yukon, notable for its intense green color.  It is located on the South Klondike Highway at kilometer 117.5 (mile 73.5), measured from Skagway, Alaska.  The color derives from light reflecting off white deposits of marl, a mixture of clay and calcium carbonate, at the bottom of the shallow waters.The high concentration of calcium carbonate in the water here comes from limestone gravels eroded from the nearby mountains and deposited here 14,000 years ago by the glaciers of the last ice age. Glacial erosion was likewise responsible for scooping out the shallow lakebed.Natural hypoxic conditions during the summer may contribute to carbonate deposition and marl formation.

References
External links
Sights and Sites: Yukon Points of Interest Signage.
This Emerald Lake Just Over The Border From Alaska Is So Breathtaking It’s UnrealGil Gross is an American radio personality. He most recently hosted a weekday radio talkshow on KKSF Talk 910 in Oakland/San Francisco from 10am to 2pm, as well as the syndicated Real Estate Today program on Saturdays. However, that station flipped formats to Spanish language sports on July 23, 2016.  He was a news correspondent for the ABC Radio Networks. From 2007 to late 2011 he hosted a show on KGO AM in San Francisco, California, on weekday afternoons. He replaced the San Francisco newscaster Pete Wilson (not to be confused with the California governor of the same name) after his death in 2007 as host of the radio show on KGO.

Career
Gross' first on air radio job was at WDZ while he was a student at Millikin University in Decatur, Illinois.
At age 23, he became the youngest anchorman ever on ABC Radio, while at the same time doing WLS morning news in Chicago. He won awards for investigative reporting, mainly about children. Other awards were given for the attempt on the life of Pope John Paul II and the intifada in Jerusalem.
Gross anchored ABC coverage of the September 11 attacks, the execution of Timothy McVeigh, and the Iraq War. He also anchored the Atlanta Olympics bombing. (longform ABC News)
Gross has worked for WABC, WCBS and WOR in New York City; KLAC in Los Angeles; WMAL in Washington, D.C.;  and WWDB in Philadelphia. Gross was also the host of The Gil Gross Show, a call-in show that aired on the CBS Radio Network and had guests who included Bill Clinton and Margaret Thatcher from the political world and entertainers Brian Wilson and Marilyn Manson. While at CBS, he substituted for Charles Osgood.
Gross has written comedy material for Don Imus and Ted Brown.
Gross was the main substitute host for Paul Harvey on the radio show Paul Harvey's News & Comment. Gross was offered Harvey's slot along with Doug Limerick after Harvey's death, but turned it down when Citadel Broadcasting offered a cut of revenue instead of salary.  He filled in for 13 weeks so they could find a replacement, which they did in actor/politician Fred Thompson.
He currently does specials for CBS News Radio and is an actor based in New Mexico.

Family
Gross is married to actress-singer Rhoda Bodzin. They have one son and three cats. Gross has a collection of 10,000 LPs and CDs.


"My Whole Life Is Thunder" is the eighth episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 133rd overall episode of the series. It was directed by Linda Mendoza and written by Jack Burditt and Colleen McGuinness. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on December 6, 2012.
The episode received a positive critical response and was watched by 3.22 million viewers.

Plot
Jenna is incensed that Liz's unexpected wedding the day before has upstaged her plans for a surprise wedding to fiancé Paul L'astnamé. As a peace offering, Liz invites Jenna to accompany her to her receipt of an award honoring the "80 Under 80" from an organization called Women in Media. Jenna plans to get her revenge by disrupting the ceremony with a surprise wedding, but Liz is able to thwart her plan with unflattering stage lighting. Jenna eventually admits that she is having trouble adjusting the new power balance in their relationship as Liz has more success in her life. The award ceremony features cameos from Pat Battle, Judy Gold, Gayle King, Sue Simmons, and Wendy Williams.Jack's mother (Elaine Stritch) comes to visit and continually warns she will not live much longer, much to his annoyance. When she does in fact pass away during the visit, Jack deals with his grief by resolving to perform the greatest eulogy of all time. He is successful through the means of emotional stories, comedic anecdotes, a flute solo of Danny Boy, an unseen performance from Sir Paul McCartney and the Harlem Boys Choir, and a lesson on the afterlife from Kermit the Frog. Despite his success the end of the service is interrupted by Jenna and Paul's surprise wedding which Jack allows as his mother would have hated it.
Kenneth tells Tracy he is upset that girlfriend Hazel lost her job at TGS and then dumped him. Tracy tries to cheer him up by making life more like TV, where people never leave, including by bringing in old TV star Florence Henderson.  When Tracy "recasts" the "role" of Hazel with a new woman, Kenneth realizes how much his friend cares for him.

Reception
"My Whole Life Is Thunder" was watched by 3.22 million viewers and earned a 1.1 rating/3 share in the 18–49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 1.1 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 3 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This was a decrease from the previous episode "Mazel Tov, Dummies!" (3.61 million)."My Whole Life Is Thunder" received a highly positive response from critics.  Pilot Viruet of The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A-" praising Jane Krakowski's performance as "flawless throughout the entire episode", and described the two other subplots involving Kenneth and Colleen as "funny yet poignant stories."  Roth Cornet of IGN also gave the episode a positive review, stating "the irreverent, free-association humor continues to sing" and "there is a surreal tone to the series that helps it to stand out in a sea of generic and formulaic offerings."  Amy Amatangelo of Paste magazine gave the episode an 8.9 out of 10, describing it as "the perfect Jenna venue" and highly praised the final appearance of Elaine Stritch as Colleen Donaghy, commenting "Stritch has been a wonderful recurring character on the show, and Colleen deserved this bittersweet final goodbye."

References
External links
"My Whole Life Is Thunder" at IMDbEarl Grey is a title in the peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1806 for General Charles Grey, 1st Baron Grey. In 1801, he was given the title Baron Grey of Howick in the County of Northumberland, and in 1806 he was given Viscount Howick in the County of Northumberland, at the same time as he was given the earldom. A member of the prominent Grey family of Northumberland, Earl Grey was the third son of Sir Henry Grey, 1st Baronet of Howick (see below).

History
The first Earl Grey was succeeded by his eldest son, Charles, 2nd Earl Grey. He was a prominent Whig politician and served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1830 to 1834, which tenure saw the passing of the Great Reform Act of 1832 and the abolition of slavery in the British Empire in 1833. In 1808, he also succeeded his uncle as third Baronet, of Howick.
The second Earl was succeeded by his second (but eldest surviving) son, Henry, 3rd Earl Grey. He was also a Whig politician and served under Lord John Russell as Secretary of State for War and the Colonies from 1846 to 1852. On his death, the titles passed to his nephew, Albert, 4th Earl Grey. He was the son of General the Hon. Charles Grey, third son of the second Earl. Lord Grey was governor general of Canada between 1904 and 1911. His son, Charles, 5th Earl Grey, was a major in the Army. He died without male issue and was succeeded by his second cousin once removed, Richard, 6th Earl Grey. He was the great-great-grandson of Admiral the Hon. George Grey, fourth son of the second earl.  The 6th Earl died in September 2013 and was succeeded by his brother Philip, 7th Earl Grey.
The Grey baronetcy, of Howick in the County of Northumberland, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1746 for Henry Grey, High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1738. A member of an old Northumberland family, he was eighth in descent from Sir Thomas Grey, of Heton, elder brother of John Grey, 1st Earl of Tankerville (see the Earl of Tankerville, 1418 creation), and fifth in descent from Sir Edward Grey, of Howick, uncle of William Grey, 1st Baron Grey of Warke. In 1720 he married Hannah, daughter of Thomas Wood of Fallodon near Alnwick in Northumberland. Grey was succeeded by his eldest son, the second baronet. He represented Northumberland in the House of Commons. He died unmarried and was succeeded by his nephew, the second Earl Grey. For further history of the baronetcy, see above.
Several other members of this branch of the Grey family have gained distinction. The Hon. George Grey (1767–1828), second son of the first Earl Grey, was created a baronet, of Fallodon in the County of Northumberland, in 1814 (see Grey baronets) and was the father of Sir George Grey, 2nd Baronet, and the great-grandfather of Edward Grey, 1st Viscount Grey of Fallodon. The Right Reverend the Hon. Edward Grey (1782–1837), fifth son of the first Earl, was Bishop of Hereford from 1832 to 1837. His fourth son Sir William Grey (1818–1878) served as Governor of Bengal from 1866 to 1871 and as governor of Jamaica from 1874 to 1877. His daughter Sybil Frances Grey (d. 1945) was the mother of Prime Minister Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon. Sir Paul Francis Grey, British Ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1957 to 1960 and to Switzerland from 1960 to 1964, was the grandson of Francis Douglas Grey, a son from the second marriage of the Right Reverend the Hon. Edward Grey, Bishop of Hereford. The aforementioned the Hon. Charles Grey, third son of the second Earl, was a general in the Army. The aforementioned the Hon. George Grey (1809–1891), fourth son of the second Earl, was an admiral in the Royal Navy.
The family seats were Howick Hall and Fallodon Hall in Northumberland. The traditional burial place of the Earls Grey is St Michael and All Angels Church, Howick.

Legacy
Earl Grey tea is named after the second Earl Grey.The Grey Cup, the championship trophy for the Canadian Football League, is named after the 4th Earl, in 1909; at the time, Lord Grey was serving as Governor General of Canada.A column topped with a statue of Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey (referred to locally as Grey's Monument), has a prominent location in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne.
Grey County in Ontario, Canada is named after the 2nd Earl Grey.
The Gateshead fiddler James Hill (b 1811 d 1856) composed the tune "Earl Gray" in the Scottish Strathspey style, possibly to commemorate the opening of Grey's Monument in 1838. It still remains part of the traditional music repertoire of Scotland and Northumberland.Earl Grey Street in Edinburgh was named after the 2nd Baronet after his visit to the city in 1834.

Titleholders
Grey baronets, of Howick (1746)
Earls Grey (1806)
The heir apparent is the present holder's son, Alexander Edward Grey, Viscount Howick (born 1968).

Family tree/succession
See also
Other Grey titles
Grey Baronets
Earl of Tankerville
Baron Grey of Warke
Earl De Grey (a slightly newer unrelated title for a different family)

References
Sources
Hesilrige, Arthur G. M. (1921). Debrett's Peerage and Titles of courtesy. 160A, Fleet street, London, UK: Dean & Son. p. 422.{{cite book}}:  CS1 maint: location (link)Delta3 Tauri (δ3 Tauri) is a binary star system in the zodiac constellation of Taurus. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 21.96 mas as seen from Earth, it is located roughly 149 light years distant from the Sun. It is visible to the naked eye with a combined apparent visual magnitude of +4.32. δ3 Tauri is separated from δ1 Tauri by 0.72° on the sky. This star also has the traditional Latin name Cleeia, from the Greek Kleeia (transliteration of Κλεεια), who was one of the Hyades sisters. It is considered a member of the Hyades cluster.In Chinese, 畢宿 (Bì Xiù), meaning Net, refers to an asterism consisting δ3 Tauri, ε Tauri, δ1 Tauri, γ Tauri, Aldebaran, 71 Tauri and λ Tauri. Consequently, the Chinese name for δ3 Tauri itself is 畢宿二 (Bì Xiù èr), "the Second Star of Net".The magnitude 4.35 primary, component A, appears to be an A-type subgiant star with a stellar classification of A2 IV. It is a candidate blue straggler and shows characteristics of an Am star. Abt (1985) gave it a classification of A2kA3hA5m, indicating that the spectrum displays the calcium K-line of an A2 star, the hydrogen lines of an A3 star and the metal lines of an A5 star. It is deficient in scandium but has enhanced iron peak and heavy elements. Although suspect of variability in the past, Delta3 Tauri A was subsequently determined to be photometrically constant.The companion, component B, is a magnitude 8.37 star at an angular separation of 1.80 arc seconds along a position angle of 341°, as of 2010. At 77 arcseconds away (as of 2006) is a magnitude 11.12 visual companion, designated component C.


Ana Rujas (born 1989) is a Spanish model turned actress.

Early life
Born in 1989 in Madrid, she enrolled in a modeling agency at age 16.

Career
Her first big role was in 90-60-90, diario secreto de una adolescente. She featured in HKM. She played the role of Shaila Dúrcal in the biopic of Rocío Dúrcal. In 2016, she starred in the music video of Zahara, "Caída Libre". She had endorsed the jewelry brand "Aristocrazy". She recently acted in a Play, ¿Qué sabes tú de mis tristezas? (What do you know about my sorrows?).In 2022, she scooped the Feroz Award for Best Leading Actress in a TV Series for her performance in Cardo (co-created by Rujas alongside Claudia Costafreda), which also won the Best Drama Series Award.

References
External links
Ana Rujas at IMDbWayside crosses are monumental constructions in the form of a cross in the city of Rostov-on-Don, Russia.

History and description
The tradition of erecting wayside crosses began in Russia a very long time. They were installed mostly at road intersections or entrance to a city or village. Looking at such a cross, people prayed to God before starting their road. It was believed that the cross provides protection from demons and enemies.
Wayside crosses were also installed in honor of church holidays or most revered saints.
Wayside and commemorative crosses were erected in various parts of Rostov-on-Don.
At the entrance to the Northern Cemetery on Orbital Street a wayside cross was installed in 2005.
In 2001, near the Church of Mid-Pentecost in Zheleznodorozhny District of Rostov-on-Don, a memorial cross was erected in honor of Cossacks who died in many wars fighting for Russia.
In 1994, The International Fund of Slavic Literature and Culture held an event to install the wayside crosses in the name of the Holy Equal-to-the-Apostles Methodius and Cyril, who invented the Slavonic alphabet, in thirty-one cities, including Rostov-on-Don. In May 1994, in honor of St. Cyril and Methodius, the teachers of the Slavs, was installed and consecrated a venerable memorable four-pointed stone cross. It is installed on a pedestal at the city park next to the Don State Public Library at the intersection of Pushkinskaya Street and the University Lane in Rostov-on-Don. The author of the monument is the Moscow sculptor Vyacheslav Klykov. Every year on May 24, Eastern Orthodox Church and the entire Slavic world honor the memory of the Holy Equal-to-the-Apostles Cyril and Methodius, the creators of the Slavonic script.

A white wayside cross was also erected at Gremuchiy spring. In the 1990s, the spring was consecrated.

Literature
Малаховский Е. И. Храмы и культовые сооружения Ростова-на-Дону, утраченные и существующие. — Ростов-на-Дону: NB, 2006. — 240 с., ил. — ISBN 5-98155-014-7 (in Russian).

References
External links
(in Russian)

Rostov-on-Don. The Church of Mid-Pentecost
A wayside cross dedicated to Sts. Cyril and Methodius
A wayside cross dedicated to Sts. Cyril and Methodius, Rostov-on-Don
Rostov-on-Don springs: Gremuchiy springPolyamide-imides are either thermosetting or thermoplastic, amorphous polymers that have exceptional mechanical, thermal and chemical resistant properties. Polyamide-imides are used extensively as wire coatings in making magnet wire.  They are prepared from isocyanates and TMA (trimellic acid-anhydride) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP). A prominent distributor of polyamide-imides is Solvay Specialty Polymers, which uses the trademark Torlon.
Polyamide-imides display a combination of properties from both polyamides and polyimides, such as high strength, melt processibility, exceptional high heat capability, and broad chemical resistance. Polyamide-imide polymers can be processed into a wide variety of forms, from injection or compression molded parts and ingots, to coatings, films, fibers and adhesives.   Generally these articles reach their maximum properties with a subsequent thermal cure process.
Other high-performance polymers in this same realm are polyetheretherketones and polyimides.

Chemistry
The currently popular commercial methods to synthesize polyamide-imides are the acid chloride route and the isocyanate route.

Acid chloride route
The earliest route to polyamide-imides is the condensation of an aromatic diamine, such as methylene dianiline (MDA) and trimellitic acid chloride (TMAC). Reaction of the anhydride with the diamine produces an intermediate amic acid. The acid chloride functionality reacts with the aromatic amine to give the amide bond and hydrochloric acid (HCl) as a by-product. In the commercial preparation of polyamideimides, the polymerization is carried out in a dipolar, aprotic solvent such as N-methylpyrrolidone (NMP), dimethylacetamide (DMAC), dimethylformamide (DMF), or dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) at temperatures between 20-60 °C. The byproduct HCl must be neutralized in situ or removed by washing it from the precipitated polymer. Further thermal treatment of the polyamideimide polymer increases molecular weight and causes the amic acid groups to form imides with the evolution of water.

Diisocyanate route
This is the primary route to polyamide-imides which are used as wire enamels. A diisocyanate, often 4,4’-methylenediphenyldiisocyanate (MDI), is reacted with trimellitic anhydride (TMA). The product achieved at the end of this process is a high molecular weight, fully imidized polymer solution with no condensation byproducts, since the carbon dioxide gas byproduct is easily removed. This form is convenient for the manufacture of wire enamale or coatings. The solution viscosity is controlled by stoichiometry, monofunctional reagents, and polymer solids. The typical polymer solids level is 35-45% and it may be diluted further by the supplier or user with diluents.

Fabrication
Polyamide-imides are commercially used for coatings and molded articles.

Coatings
The product used mainly for coatings is sold in a powdered form and is roughly 50% imidized. One of the major uses is as a magnet wire enamel. The magnet wire enamel is made by dissolving the PAI powder in a strong, aprotic solvent such as N-methyl pyrrolidone. Diluents and other additives can be added to provide the correct viscosity for application to the copper or aluminum conductor. Application is typically done by drawing the conductor through a bath of enamel and then through a die to control coating thickness. The wire is then passed through an oven to drive off the solvent and cure the coating. The wire usually is passed through the process several times to achieve the desired coating thickness.
The PAI enamel is very thermally stable as well as abrasion and chemical resistant. PAI is often used over polyester wire enamels to achieve higher thermal ratings.
PAI is also used in decorative, corrosion resistant coatings for industrial uses, often in conjunction with fluoropolymers. The PAI aids in adhering the fluoropolymer to the metal substrate. They also find usage in non-stick cookware coatings. While solvents can be used, some water-borne systems are used. These are possible because the amide-imide contains acid functionality.

Molded or machined articles
The polyamide-imides used for molded articles are also based on aromatic diamines and trimellitic acid chloride, but the diamines are different from those used in the products used for coatings and the polymer is more fully imidized prior to compounding and pelletizing. Resins for injection molding include unreinforced, glass-fiber reinforced, carbon fiber reinforced, and wear resistant grades. These resins are sold at a relatively low molecular weight so they can be melt processed by extrusion or injection-molding. The molded articles are then thermally treated for several days at temperatures up to 260 °C (500 °F). During this treatment, commonly referred to a postcure, the molecular weight increases through chain extension and the polymer gets much stronger and more chemically resistant. Prior to postcure, parts can be reground and reprocessed. After postcure, reprocessing is not practical.
==Properties of molded PAI==

High-strength grades only
Wear-resistant PAI grades
Injection molding
Polyamide-imide resin is hygroscopic, and picks up ambient moisture. Before processing the resin, drying is required to avoid brittle parts, foaming, and other molding problems. The resin must be dried to a moisture content of 500 ppm or less. A desiccant dryer capable of maintaining a dew point of -40 °F (-40 °C) is recommended. If drying is done in pans or trays, put the resin in layers no more than 2 to 3 inches (5 to 8 cm) deep in drying trays. Dry for 24 hours at 250 °F, or 16 hours at 300 °F, or 8 hours at 350 °F. If drying at 350 °F (177 °C), limit drying time to 16 hours. For the injection molding press,a desiccant hopper dryer is recommended. The circulating air suction pipe should be at the base of the hopper, as near the feed throat as possible.
In general, modern reciprocating-screw injection molding presses with microprocessor controls capable of closed-loop control are recommended for molding PAI. The press should be fitted with a low compression ratio, constant taper screw. The compression ratio should be between 1.1 and 1.5 to 1, and no check device should be used. The starting mold temperatures are specified as follows:
The mold temperature should be in the range of 325 °F to 425 °F (163 °C to 218 °C).

Other applications
The high temperature and chemical resistance of polyamide-imides make them in principle suitable for membrane based gas separations. The separation of contaminants such as CO2, H2S, and other impurities from natural gas wells is an important industrial process. Pressures exceeding 1000 psia demand materials with good mechanical stability. The highly polar H2S and polarizable CO2 molecules can strongly interact with the polymer membranes causing swelling and plasticization due to high levels of impurities. Polyamide-imides can resist plasticization because of the strong intermolecular interactions arising from the polyimide functions as well as the ability of the polymer chains to hydrogen bond with one another as a result of the amide bond. Although not currently used in any major industrial separation, polyamide-imides could be used for these types of processes where chemical and mechanical stability are required.

See also
Plastic automotive engine

References
Further reading
Patel, M.C. and Shah, A.D., Poly(amides-imides)based on amino end-capped polyoligomides, Oriental J. Chem, 19(1), 2002
James M. Margolis, editor in chief, Engineering plastics handbook , ISBN 0-07-145767-4, McGraw-Hill, c2006The Draughtsmen Clash (Le Damier – Papa national oyé!) is a 1996 film directed by Balufu Bakupa-Kanyinda of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Synopsis
The Draughtsmen Clash is a wicked political satire about African dictators. It tells the story of the president of a fictitious African nation who spends a sleepless night playing checkers with a pot-smoking vagabond who claims to be the all-round champion. However, the rules of the game entail the opponents howling vulgar and foul obscenities at one another. The champion proceeds to insult, and trounce, the President. His reward, and his fate, will not surprise anyone.

Awards
Fespaco (Uagadugú) 1997
Festival de Villeurbanne 1997
Reel Black Talent Award (Toronto) 1997
Festival Francófono de Namur 1998
National Black Programming Award (Filadelfia) 1998

External links
African Film Festival of Cordoba-FCAT (license CC BY-SA)
The Draughtsmen Clash at IMDbAlena Vladislavovna Adanichkina (also transcribed as Alyona, Russian Алёна Владиславовна Аданичкина; born 3 July 1992 in Moscow) is a professional Russian triathlete and a permanent member of the Russian National Team.According to the Russian Ranking of the year 2010, Adanichkina was number 8 among the Russian U23 (Юниорки) triathletes.
At the 2010 U23 (Юниорки) Russian Sprint Championships in Penza Adanichkina placed 7th.Since 2011, Adanichkina takes part in Elite ITU triathlons. At the Volkswagen Aldiana Triathlon (27 March 2011) on Cyprus, where the Russian elite triathletes had their training camp, Adanichkina placed 10th on the Sprint distance.

ITU Competitions
The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the athlete's Profile Page.
Unless indicated otherwise, the following events are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and belong to the Elite category.

References
External links
Russian Triathlon ConfederationUskoci is a village near Stara Gradiška, Croatia, population 100 (census 2011).


Jonas Reinhardt is an American electronic music group from Brooklyn, New York with releases on Kranky, Not Not Fun, and others. The group's sound is influenced by electronic music of the 1970s,'80s, '90s and even 2000s, particularly in the use of analog synthesizers and keyboards. A debut full-length was released in 2008, with a follow-up issued in 2010 called Powers of Audition. The next full-length, Music for the Tactile Dome, came out in May 2011. In 2012, Jonas Reinhardt collaborated with visual artist Abyss of Fathomless light for a cassette-only full-length on VCO cassettes. In April 2013, the fourth full-length album, Mask of the Maker, was released on Not Not Fun.

Members
Jesse Reiner
Phil Manley
Diego Gonzalez
Damon Palermo

Discography
"Modern By Nature's Reward EP" (Kranky 2008)
Jonas Reinhardt (Kranky, 2008)
Powers of Audition (Kranky, 2010)
"Manoeuvers 7"" (Kraak, 2011)
Music for the Tactile Dome (Not Not Fun Records, 2011)
"The Prime Revealer 12"" (Great Pop Supplement, 2011)
"Foam Fangs EP" (100% Silk, 2012)
"Rusting Ciphers of a Forgotten Sky" (VCO Cassettes, 2012)
Mask of the Maker (Not Not Fun Records, 2013)
Palace Savant (Further Records, 2015)
The Encyclopedia of Civilizations Vol. 1: Egypt (w/Jurgen Mueller) (Abstracke Records, 2017)
Conclave Surge (Deep Distance, 2018)
Gonzalez & Reinhardt (Stimulus Progression, 2018)

References
Review, Allmusic
Interview, XLR8R TV
Article, Exclaim!
Review, Dusted Magazine
Review, PopMatters
Article, San Francisco Weekly
[1], Smokey Jotus Music Video, by Sean PatrickPay Par (Persian: پي پر, also Romanized as Pāy Par) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 8 families.


Into Battle is the fifth book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series, published in 2001 by Scholastic. In this book, the Icecarls are fed up with the Chosen, and prepare to attack the Castle with War-Chief Milla Talon-Hand at the lead. Milla, trained with a Sunstone, and wielding a talon of Danir, is prepared to defend her army from anything, no matter what the cost.
Milla's Icecarl army quickly destroys and conquers the Red and Orange levels, terrorizing all with a Violet Wave of Destruction, produced by her half of the Violet Keystone- which she thinks is just a normal Sunstone at first, but slowly begins reconsidering.
The cover design and art are by Joan Moloney and Steve Rawlings respectively.Aizuwakamatsu (会津若松市, Aizuwakamatsu-shi) is a city in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 January 2021, the city had an estimated population of 118,159 in 50,365 households, and a population density of 310 persons per km2. The total area of the city was  382.97 square kilometres (147.87 sq mi).

Geography
Aizuwakamatsu is located in the western part of Fukushima Prefecture, in the southeast part of Aizu basin.

Mountains
Mount Ōtodake (1416 m)
Mount Seaburi
Mount Oda
Mount Iimori

Rivers
Aga River
Nippashi River
Yugawa River
Sesenagi River

Lakes
Lake Inawashiro
Lake Wakasato
Lake Higashiyama
Lake Sohara

Hot springs
Higashiyama Onsen
Ashinomaki Onsen

Administrative divisions
There are 11 administrative divisions (hamlets or 大字 (ooaza)) in the city.
Wakamatsu
Machikita
Kouya
Kouzashi
Monden
Ikki
Higashiyama
Ōto
Minato
Kitaaizu
Kawahigashi

Neighboring municipalities
Fukushima Prefecture

North: Kitakata, Aizubange, Yugawa, Bandai
East: Koriyama, Inawashiro
West: Aizumisato
South: Shimogo, Tenei

Climate
Aizuwakamatsu has a hot-summer Humid continental climate (Köppen Dfa) characterized by warm summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall. Although it is located in an inland valley, Aizuwakamatsu's climate resembles that of the Hokuriku region on the Sea of Japan coast. Snowfall is very heavy during the winter at 4.78 metres (190 in), and snow cover reaches an average maximum of 0.39 metres (15.35 in) and has reached as much as 1.15 metres (45.3 in) for short periods, a figure one would usually associate with much colder regions like the Labrador Peninsula.  The average annual temperature in Aizuwakamatsu is 11.2 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1270 mm with September as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 24.7 °C, and lowest in January, at around -1.2 °C.

Demographics
Per Japanese census data, the population of Aizuwakamatsu has not increased over the past 40 years.

History
The area of present-day Aizuwakamatsu was part of ancient Mutsu Province, and was settled from prehistoric times. The Aizu-Otsuka Kofun within the city borders dates from the 4th century AD, and is an Important Cultural Property.
According to legend, in 88 BCE, Emperor Sujin sent two generals; Ohiko and Takenukawa-wake to the Tōhoku region for the purpose of establishing peace after the quashing of a rebellion in the region.Before the late 12th century, Aizuwakamatsu was mainly a market town and a base for regional warlords. Starting in 1192, Aizuwakamatsu became part of the regions that were controlled by the Kamakura shogunate. Soon after taking power, Yoritomo granted a samurai named Suwara Yoshitsura (from the Miura clan) all of Aizu. A descendant of Suwara, Ashina Morinori, began construction of the first castle in the city in 1384. During the Sengoku period the final lord of Aizu, Ashina Moritaka, died in 1583 and soon the Ashina clan lost power. After the Satake clan took control of the castle, they placed a twelve-year-old member of their clan who was renamed Ashina Morishige and proclaimed lord of Aizu. The Ashina clan regained control of Aizu for a brief time in 1589 with the help of Date Masamune. However, Masamune took over the domain for himself soon after. He surrendered in 1590 to Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Toyotomi gave Aizu to one of his allies, Gamo Ujisato who then began construction in 1592 of a new castle at the site. It was during this time that the town was renamed "Wakamatsu" (young pine).During the Edo period, Aizu was controlled briefly by Uesugi Kagekatsu in 1600 after the death of Gamo Ujisato in 1596. Tokugawa Ieyasu accused Uesugi of gathering troops in Aizu. Ieyasu then transferred the Uesugi to Yonezawa.  Through inheritance, Aizu was passed to Hoshina Masayuki (a brother of the third Tokugawa shogun) in 1643. The Edo period saw the economic and cultural growth of Aizu.Hoshina's descendants would rule the Aizu Domain for the next 200 years, adopting the Matsudaira name until the ninth generation Daimyō, Matsudaira Katamori, backed the bakufu in the Boshin War. Aizuwakamatsu Castle would fall during the Battle of Aizu and the domain forfeit. A group of 22, including loyal retainers and their families, managed to escape to California and lend the name of their home to establish the first Japanese colony in America, the ill fated Wakamatsu Tea and Silk Farm Colony in 1869.After the Meiji Restoration, Wakamatsu Town was created with the establishment of the modern municipalities system on April 1, 1889. It became Wakamatsu City in 1899. On April 1, 1937, a part of Machikita village (from Kitaaizu District) was merged into the city of Wakamatsu. The remained was annexed on April 1, 1951. The name of the city was changed to Aizuwakamatsu on January 1, 1955 when Wakamatsu merged with seven villages of Kitaaizu District (Kouya, Kouzashi, Monden, Ikki, Higashiyama, Ōto and Minato).. A part of the town of Hongō (locality of Oya) (from Ōnuma District) was merged into Aizuwakamatsu on April 1, 1955.
Aizuwakamatsu further expanded by annexing  the village of Kitaaizu (from Kitaaizu District) on November 1, 2004 and the town of Kawahigashi (from Kawanuma District) on November 1, 2005.

Government
Aizuwakamatsu has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral city legislature of 29 members The city contributes four members to the Fukushima Prefectural Assembly. In terms of national politics, the city is part of Fukushima Electoral District 4 for the lower house of the Diet of Japan.

Economy
Aizuwakamatsu is a local commercial center. The area is traditionally noted for sake brewing and lacquerware. Modern industries include textiles, wood processing and electronics.

Education
Aizuwakamatsu has one prefectural university and a private junior college. The city has 19 public elementary school and 11 public junior high schools operated by the city government. In addition, there is one private elementary school and one private junior high school. The Fukushima Prefectural Board of Education operates five public high schools and one combined junior/senior high school. The prefecture also operates two special education schools.

Universities and colleges
University of Aizu
Junior College of Aizu

Senior high schools
Public (prefectural)
Aizu High School (会津高等学校)
Aoi High School (葵高等学校)
Aizu Gakuhō High School (会津学鳳高等学校)
Wakamatsu Shōgyō High School (若松商業高等学校)
Aizu Kōgyō High School (若松工業高等学校)
Aizu Second High School (会津第二高等学校)

Private
Aizuwakamatsu Xaverio Gakuen High School (会津若松ザベリオ学園高等学校)
Wakamatsu 1st High School (若松第一高等学校)
Jinai High School (仁愛高等学校)

Junior high schools
Public (municipal)
Aizuwakamatsu First Junior High School (会津若松市立第一中学校)
Aizuwakamatsu Second Junior High School (会津若松市立第二中学校)
Aizuwakamatsu Third Junior High School (会津若松市立第三中学校)
Aizuwakamatsu Fourth Junior High School (会津若松市立第四中学校)
Aizuwakamatsu Fifth Junior High School (会津若松市立第五中学校)
Aizuwakamatsu Sixth Junior High School (会津若松市立第六中学校)
Ikki Junior High School (一箕中学校)
Ōto Junior High School (大戸中学校)
Minato Junior High School (湊中学校)
Kitaaizu Junior High School (北会津中学校)
Kawahigashi Junior High School (河東中学校)
Aizu Gakuhō Junior High School (会津学鳳中学校, prefectural)
Note: All junior high schools are municipal except for Aizu Gakuhō Junior High School.

Private
Aizuwakamatsu Xaverio Gakuen Junior High School (会津若松ザベリオ学園中学校)

Transportation
Railway
JR East – Banetsu West Line

Higashi-Nagahara – Hirota – Aizu-Wakamatsu – Dōjima JR East – Tadami Line

Aizu-Wakamatsu – Nanukamachi – Nishi-Wakamatsu –  Aizu-Hongō Aizu Railway – Aizu Line

Nishi-Wakamatsu – Minami-Wakamatsu – Monden – Amaya – Ashinomaki-Onsen – Ōkawa-Dam-Kōen – Ashinomaki-Onsen-Minami

Highway
Ban-etsu Expressway – Bandai-Kawahigashi IC – Aizu-Wakamatsu IC
 National Route 49
 National Route 118
 National Route 121
 National Route 252
 National Route 294
 National Route 401

Media
Television
NHK Fukushima
Fukushima Television Broadcasting
Fukushima Central Television
Fukushima Broadcasting
TV-U Fukushima

Newspapers
Fukushima Mimpō
Fukushima Min-Yū

Radio
FM Aizu

Sister city relations
Japanese sister cities
Mutsu, Aomori (Since September 23, 1984)
Naruto, Tokushima (Since October 30, 1999)
Ina, Nagano (Since September 24, 2000)
Yokosuka, Kanagawa (Since April 17, 2005)

International sister cities
China – Jingzhou (Since June 15, 1991)
 USA – Saipan (Since September 22, 2006)

Local attractions
Aizuwakamatsu Castle (Tsuruga-jo)
Aizu Matsudaira's Royal Garden (Oyakuen)
Mount Iimori
Byakkotai graves
Sazaedo
former Takizawa Honjin
Aizu Matsudaira clan grave
Nisshinkan
Aizu Samurai Residences
Nanukamachi-dori Street

Culture
Festivals
Aizu Festival

Foods
Kozuyu
Sauce Katsu-don
Basashi (horse sashimi)
Soba
Boutara
Sake

Others
Akabeko
Okiagari-koboshi

Notable people from Aizuwakamatsu
Sōichirō Hoshi, voice actor
Hiroshi Sasagawa, anime creator

References
External links
Official Website (in Japanese)In mathematics, the Hasse invariant of an algebra is an invariant attached to a Brauer class of algebras over a field.  The concept is named after Helmut Hasse.  The invariant plays a role in local class field theory.

Local fields
Let K be a local field with valuation v and D a K-algebra.  We may assume D is a division algebra with centre K of degree n.  The valuation v can be extended to D, for example by extending it compatibly to each commutative subfield of D: the value group of this valuation is (1/n)Z.There is a commutative subfield L of D which is unramified over K, and D splits over L.  The field L is not unique but all such extensions are conjugate by the Skolem–Noether theorem, which further shows that any automorphism of L is induced by a conjugation in D.  Take γ in D such that conjugation by γ induces the Frobenius automorphism of L/K and let v(γ) = k/n.  Then k/n modulo 1 is the Hasse invariant of D.  It depends only on the Brauer class of D.The Hasse invariant is thus a map defined on the Brauer group of a local field K to the divisible group Q/Z.   Every class in the Brauer group is represented by a class in the Brauer group of an unramified extension of  L/K of degree n, which by the Grunwald–Wang theorem and the Albert–Brauer–Hasse–Noether theorem we may take to be a cyclic algebra (L,φ,πk) for some k mod n, where φ is the Frobenius map and π is a uniformiser.  The invariant map attaches the element k/n mod 1 to the class.  This exhibits the invariant map as a homomorphism

  
    
      
        
          
            inv
            
              L
              
                /
              
              K
            
          
        
        :
        Br
        ⁡
        (
        L
        
          /
        
        K
        )
        →
        
          Q
        
        
          /
        
        
          Z
        
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\underset {L/K}{\operatorname {inv} }}:\operatorname {Br} (L/K)\rightarrow \mathbb {Q} /\mathbb {Z} .}
  The invariant map extends to Br(K) by representing each class by some element of Br(L/K) as above.For a non-Archimedean local field, the invariant map is a group isomorphism.In the case of the field R of real numbers, there are two Brauer classes, represented by the algebra R itself and the quaternion algebra H.  It is convenient to assign invariant zero to the class of R and invariant 1/2 modulo 1 to the quaternion class.
In the case of the field C of complex numbers, the only Brauer class is the trivial one, with invariant zero.

Global fields
For a global field K, given a central simple algebra D over K then for each valuation v of K we can consider the extension of scalars Dv = D ⊗ Kv  The extension Dv splits for all but finitely many v, so that the local invariant of Dv is almost always zero.  The Brauer group Br(K) fits into an exact sequence

  
    
      
        0
        →
        
          
            Br
          
        
        (
        K
        )
        →
        
          ⨁
          
            v
            ∈
            S
          
        
        
          
            Br
          
        
        (
        
          K
          
            v
          
        
        )
        →
        
          Q
        
        
          /
        
        
          Z
        
        →
        0
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle 0\rightarrow {\textrm {Br}}(K)\rightarrow \bigoplus _{v\in S}{\textrm {Br}}(K_{v})\rightarrow \mathbf {Q} /\mathbf {Z} \rightarrow 0,}
  where S is the set of all valuations of K and the right arrow is the sum of the local invariants.  The injectivity of the left arrow is the content of the Albert–Brauer–Hasse–Noether theorem. Exactness in the middle term is a deep fact from global class field theory.

References
Gille, Philippe; Szamuely, Tamás (2006). Central simple algebras and Galois cohomology. Cambridge Studies in Advanced Mathematics. Vol. 101. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86103-9. Zbl 1137.12001.
Lorenz, Falko (2008). Algebra.  Volume II: Fields with Structure, Algebras and Advanced Topics. Springer. pp. 231–238. ISBN 978-0-387-72487-4. Zbl 1130.12001.
Serre, Jean-Pierre (1967). "VI. Local class field theory".  In Cassels, J.W.S.; Fröhlich, A. (eds.). Algebraic number theory. Proceedings of an instructional conference organized by the London Mathematical Society (a NATO Advanced Study Institute) with the support of the International Mathematical Union. London: Academic Press. pp. 128–161. Zbl 0153.07403.
Serre, Jean-Pierre (1979). Local Fields. Graduate Texts in Mathematics. Vol. 67. Translated by Greenberg, Marvin Jay. Springer-Verlag. ISBN 0-387-90424-7. Zbl 0423.12016.

Further reading
Shatz, Stephen S. (1972). Profinite groups, arithmetic, and geometry. Annals of Mathematics Studies. Vol. 67. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 0-691-08017-8. MR 0347778. Zbl 0236.12002.Eugnosta euglypta is a species of moth of the  family Tortricidae. It is found in  Rwanda and Uganda.


Gao Yumeng (Chinese: 高誉萌; born April 13, 2001) is a Chinese pair skater. With her skating partner, Xie Zhong, she is the 2017 World Junior bronze medalist and 2017 Chinese national bronze medalist on the senior level.

Early career
Gao began learning to skate in 2008. During the 2015–2016 season, she competed in partnership with Li Bowen. Competing on the senior level, they finished 5th at the 2016 Chinese Championships. They placed 7th at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics, held in February in Hamar, Norway, and 13th at the 2016 World Junior Championships, held in March in Debrecen, Hungary. The pair was coached by Luan Bo, Song Lun, and Li Yinwei in Harbin, China.

Partnership with Xie
Gao and Xie Zhong are coached by Zhao Hongbo in Beijing.

2016–2017 season
Making their international debut as a pair, they placed 5th at a Junior Grand Prix (JGP) event in early September 2016 in Ostrava, Czech Republic. They had the same result at their second JGP assignment, in Saransk, Russia. In December, they won the bronze medal competing as seniors at the Chinese Championships.
In March 2017, Gao/Xie won the bronze medal at the World Junior Championships in Taipei, having ranked second in the short program and third in the free skate.

2017–2018 season
Gao/Xie placed 4th at JGP Poland and 2nd at JGP Croatia, qualifying for the Junior Grand Prix Final (JGPF). They finished 4th at both JGPF and World Junior Championships. They split at the end of this season.

Programs
With Xie
With Li
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix

With Xie
With Li
References
External links
Yumeng GAO / Zhong XIE at the International Skating UnionTinker to Evers to Chance is a compilation album of songs by Game Theory, released in 1990. The liner notes describe the included tracks as songs which "reached national obscurity, as opposed to local obscurity." Band leader Scott Miller went on to form The Loud Family.

Production
The album's ironic title refers to Joe Tinker, Johnny Evers, and Frank Chance, who played baseball for the 1910 Chicago Cubs, and who were immortalized in the poem "Baseball's Sad Lexicon." According to Miller, their famous double play was "a case in baseball where someone didn't get a hit, so it was definitely an appropriate title for our greatest hits."The cover image adds Miller's visual puns on the "evocative" names of the three players, featuring a piece from a Tinkertoy set ("tinker"), a pocket watch ("evers"), and a die ("chance").
Three songs were recorded in April 1989 for this compilation: A cover of "Beach State Rocking" by Miller's first band Alternate Learning and re-recordings of "Bad Year At UCLA" and "Sleeping Through Heaven" from Blaze of Glory. These songs were recorded by the lineup of Scott Miller, Michael Quercio, Nancy Becker and Jozef Becker, and were the final Game Theory recordings before the band disbanded in early 1991.

Critical reception
The Chicago Tribune wrote in 1990 that Tinker to Evers to Chance, while displaying all of Miller's shortcomings during the band's "seven-year history of obscurity", also made a "powerful case" that Game Theory had been "unjustly overlooked." Citing songs such as "the jangly, angst-ridden '24,' the lush 'Regenisraen' and the soaring 'Room for One More, Honey'", critic Mark Caro wrote that Miller "covers heart pains and dissatisfaction with a liveliness and playfulness missing from other literate popsters", displaying "an instinctive feel for pop hooks and textures, and his ambition often pays off, allowing him to hit climaxes like the acoustic guitar rush that elevates 'Throwing the Election' after you'd have thought the song was over."

Track listing
"Beach State Rocking" (1989 recording; Original version on Alternate Learning's Painted Windows, 1982) – 2:56
"Bad Year at U.C.L.A." (1989 re-recording; Original version on Blaze of Glory, 1982) – 2:58
"Sleeping Through Heaven" (1989 re-recording; Original version on Blaze of Glory, 1982) – 4:06
"Something to Show" (from Blaze of Glory, 1982) – 2:39
"Penny, Things Won't" (from Pointed Accounts of People You Know, 1983) – 5:18
"Metal and Glass Exact" (from Pointed Accounts of People You Know, 1983) – 3:37
"Shark Pretty" (from Distortion, 1984) – 4:00
"Nine Lives to Rigel Five" (from Distortion, 1984) – 2:49
"The Red Baron" (from Distortion, 1984) – 3:42
"24" (from Real Nighttime, 1985) – 2:49
"Curse of the Frontier Land" (from Real Nighttime, 1985) – 3:33
"I Turned Her Away" (from Real Nighttime, 1985) – 3:00
"Regenisraen" (from The Big Shot Chronicles, 1986) – 3:29
"Erica's Word" (from The Big Shot Chronicles, 1986) – 3:56
"Crash into June" (from The Big Shot Chronicles, 1986) – 2:58
"Like a Girl Jesus" (from The Big Shot Chronicles, 1986) – 2:40
"We Love You, Carol and Alison" (from Lolita Nation, 1987) – 3:26
"The Real Sheila" (from Lolita Nation, 1987) - 3:35
"Together Now, Very Minor" (from Lolita Nation, 1987) – 3:32
"Room For One More, Honey" (from Two Steps from the Middle Ages, 1988) – 3:02
"Leilani" (from Two Steps from the Middle Ages, 1988) – 3:02
"Throwing the Election" (from Two Steps from the Middle Ages, 1988) – 4:11

Personnel
Jozef Becker – drums, knee slaps
Nancy Becker – keyboards, vocals, vocals (background)
Guillaume Gassuan – bass
Dave Gill – drums, audio engineer
Fred Juhos – bass
Scott Miller – vocals and guitar
Michael Quercio – bass, vocals, vocals (background), reverb, producer
Gil Ray – guitar, drums
Donnette Thayer – vocals, guitar
Suzi Ziegler – vocals
Shelley LaFreniere – keyboards, vocals

References
External links
Tinker to Evers to Chance at Discogs (list of releases)Teri McMinn (born August 18, 1951) is an American actress and model, known for her role as Pam in The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974).

Life and career
McMinn was born and raised in Houston, Texas, and grew up with an interest in the arts. After graduating high school, she was on scholarship with The Dallas Theatre Center, in Dallas, Texas. Moving to Austin, Texas for further study, the actress attended the University of Texas and St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas.She was discovered by Tobe Hooper and Kim Henkel, director and producer (respectively) of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, after seeing an article about her in the local newspaper. After auditioning, Teri was offered the role of "Pam" in their film project. Pam was a teenager traveling with Sally Hardesty and her brother Franklin to visit the grave of the Hardestys' grandfather to investigate reports of vandalism and grave robbing. On their way, they fall victim to a family of cannibals. Her most memorable scene was being hung on a meat hook by Leatherface (played by Gunnar Hansen), the antagonist.
Following the arduous film shoot, Teri continued acting in regional theater in Texas and the Midwest. After the film’s 1974 release, she studied acting in Los Angeles and New York City, was a leg and foot model, did commercials and print work, and continued her work in theater.
At Monster Mania Horror Convention in 2008, in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, Teri made a personal appearance as "Pam, the girl on the meat hook", in a cast reunion. In September 2008, the new 4-set hi-definition DVD release of the movie contained an interview with her about the making and release of the film. On August 6, 2009 she was a special guest at the Carnival of Darkness. She attended Son of Monsterpalooza in Burbank, California from September 12 to 14, 2014.
She now lives in California and continues to please fans by attending occasional horror film events.

Filmography
References
External links
Teri McMinn at IMDb
Interview with Teri McMinnExcell International School was a small independent, co-educational, day and boarding school located in Boston, Lincolnshire, England for children aged between 3 and 18.  An amalgamation of two previous schools, Conway School and Maypole House School.  Parents were told in a letter that the school and the Chatterbox Nursery associated with it would close on 16 July 2010, as they had been suffering "financial difficulties due to dwindling numbers".

History
Conway School
The school was established in 1851 by Martha and Mary Gee as Boston Middle Girls School at George Street, Boston and was "intended for female children whose parents are in the rank next above the actual poor". It subsequently moved to its current site at Tunnard Street, at a rebuilding cost of £800.In 1905 the school was renamed as Conway School and established a good local reputation. The school became coeducational in the 1950s, achieving high levels of annual passes in the 11+ examination. In 2000 Conway School had 100% passes in the 11+ for the third year running.

Head teacher controversy and problems with new ownership
Former owner and head teacher Simon McElwain was jailed for two years, in October 2007, after admitting the possession of child pornography images. He stepped down from his position in November 2004. Under McElwain the school had 140 pupils and employed 19 staff.
In April 2005 McElwain sold the school to David and Caroline Wilson. The new head teacher at this point was Philomena Rynne. Around this time, as the charges against McElwain became public, student numbers declined, although on the whole parents were supportive of the teaching staff, whom they knew to be doing their best for the pupils under difficult circumstances. The contribution of staff was also recognised in a report by one of Her Majesty's Inspectors following a visit in October 2007.The pupil roll dropped after the transfer of ownership, and the school closed on 3 January 2007.  There was an attempt to make the school a limited company, but this was not generally known to parents before the closure, when a letter headed "Conway School (Boston) Ltd" dated 22 December was sent to the remaining parents.  However the matter of the proposed transfer to limited company status was mentioned in at least one of the Employment Tribunals brought against the new owners by members of staff.

Maypole House school
Maypole House School was founded in 1884, occupying Well Vale Hall in Well near Alford. Maypole House school was sold in June in 2005 by The Whites To Mr Omokhodion and Well Vale Hall was leased to the new owners of Maypole House school from 2005 to 2007 only. Maypole House received a Food Hygiene Award from the East Lindsey District Council in May 2006. In January 2007 the new Maypole house School management team took over the site at Tunnard Street and renamed as Excell International School, Maypole House School ceased.

Merger
Conway School and Maypole House merged in January 2007 to form the Excell International College In Boston. They also started to take boarders and extended the age range of pupils from 3–18. In January 2008 it was announced that none of its students attained five or more A*-C GCSEs.

Closure
Parents were sent an unsigned letter, dated 2 July 2010, confirming that the school and nursery would close on 16 July 2010. Director Anthony Omokhodion said "we have received an offer from the landlords for the present premises and we have accepted their offer". Citing "financial difficulties" in the letter, Mr Omokhodion thanked parents for their "support during these trying times". No future plans for the building in Boston have been announced.  The premises belong to St Botolph's Church ("Boston Stump") and were leased to the various owners of the school, the Misses Gee having given the land for the purpose of providing an educational establishment.

References

Schools Shock, Boston Standard  9 July 2010


== External links ==A medallist or medalist (see spelling differences) is an artist who designs medals, plaquettes, badges, coins and similar small works in relief in metal. Art medals are a well-known and highly collected form of small bronze sculpture, most often in bronze, and are considered a form of exonumia. "Medalist/medallist" is confusingly the same word used in sport and other areas (but not usually in military contexts) for the winner of a medal as an award.  Medallists very often also design, or produce the dies for coins as well. In modern times medallists are mostly primarily sculptors of larger works, but in the past the number of medals and coins produced were sufficient to allow specialists who spent most of their career producing them.  Medallists are also often confusingly referred to as "engravers" in reference works, referring to the "engraving" of dies, although this is often in fact not the technique used; however many also worked in engraving the technique in printmaking.
Art medals have been produced since the late Renaissance period, and, after some classical precedents and Late Medieval revivals, the form was essentially invented by Pisanello, who is credited with the first portrait medal, which has remained a very popular type.  He cast them like bronze sculptures, rather than minting them like coins.

By nationality
An incomplete list, biased towards the 19th-century onwards; see also Category:Medallists.  (Note: Where an artist is best known by other than his first given name, the commonly used name is highlighted in boldface.)

Argentina
Soto Avendaño
José Bellagamba
Alfredo Bigatti (1898 – 1964)
Ernesto de la Cárcova (1866 – 1927)
Arturo Dresco (1875 – 1961)
Juan Gottuzzo (1858 Buenos Aires – 1924 Buenos Aires)
José Horta
Jorge Maria Lubary
Victor de Pol (1865 Venice – 1925 Buenos Aires)
Affonso Rossi
Constante Rossi

Australian
W.J. Amor, Sculptor, (1860 England – after 1947 Sydney, New South Wales)
William Leslie Bowles, Sculptor, (1885 Leichhardt, Sydney, New South Wales - 1954 Frankston, Victoria)
Stuart Leslie Devlin, Sculptor, (1931 Geelong, Victoria - 2018 Chichester, United Kingdom)
Horst Hahne, Chief Engraver of the Royal Australian Mint Canberra (born 1940 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany)
Stanley James Hammond MBE, Sculptor, 1913 Trentham, Victoria – 2000 Melbourne, Victoria
Rayner Hoff (1894 – 1937)
Sir Edgar Bertram Mackennal (1863 – 1931)
Andor Mészáros (1900 – 1972)
Michael Meszaros (born 1945)
Dora Ohlfsen (1877 – 1948)
Wojciech Pietranik (born 1950)
Charles Douglas Richardson (1853 – 1932) Signature: CDM
Thomas Stokes (1831 Edgbaston, Birmingham, England – 1910 Alphington, Melbourne, Victoria) founder of Stokes & Son in 1893.

Austrian
Helmut Andexlinger (born 1973 in Linz, Oberösterreich)
Michael Blümelhuber (1865 – 1936)
Kurt Bodlak (born 1924 in Vienna — died 2017 in Kirchberg am Wechsel)
Sir Joseph Edgar Boehm (1834 Vienna, Austria – 1890 London, England)
Peter Breithut (1869 – 1930)
Josef Cesar (1814 – 1876)
Josef Christian Christlbauer (1827 – 1897)
Hans Dietrich (1868 – 1936)
Ignaz Donner (1752 – 1803)
Franz Gaul (1802 – 1974)
Hans Gerstmayr (1882 – 1987)
Josef Fabi (1780 Mint-warden at Günzburg on the Maria Theresia Thalers). Signature: S.F. in conjunction with Tobias Johann Schöbel.
Emil Fuchs (1866 – 1929)
Heinrich Friedrich Füger (1751 – 1818)
Edwin Grienauer (1893 – 1964)
Helmuth Gsöllpointner (born 1933)
Grete Hartmann (1869 – 1946) née Chrobak
Philipp Häusler (1887 Panczowa, Hungary, today Pančevo, Serbia - 1966 Frankfurt am Main)
Alfred Hofmann (1879 – 1958)
Otto Hofner (1879 – 1946)
Ludwig Hujer (1872 – 1968)
Friedensreich Hundertwasser (1928 – 2000)
Heinrich Jauner (1833 – 1912)
Josef Kaiser (1954 Bač, Vojvodina -)
Heinrich Ernst Karl (1781 Vienna – 1854 Kremnitz)
Josef Köblinger (1912 Innsbruck – 1960)
Hans Köttenstorfer (1911 Steyr – 1995 Steyr, Oberösterreich, Austria)
Franz Kounitzky (1880 – 1928)
Ernst Wilhelm Kubiena (1902 Neutitschein, Moravia – 1973 Salzburg)
Friedrich "Franz" Leisek (died in 1898)
Rudolf Marschall (1873 – 1967)
Friedrich Mayr (1929 – 2019)
Rudolf Neuberger (1861 – 1916)
Franz Xaver Pawlik (1865 – 1906)
Karl Perl (1876 Liezen, Styria – 1965 Vienna)
Thomas Pesendorfer (born 1952 in Marchtrenk, Oberösterreich) Signature: TP
Wolfgang Pichl (born 1931 in Innsbruck, died 2003 in Linz, Austria)
Anton Pittner (1814 – 1892)
Richard Placht (Bohemian, 1880–1962)
Carl Radnitzky (1818 Vienna – 1901 Vienna)
Hans Schaefer (1875 Sternberg, Moravia – 1933 Chicago, Illinois)
Anton Scharff (1845 – 1903)
Rudolf Schmidt (1894 – 1980)
Tobias Johann Schöbel (1762 – 1789). Mint-master at Günzburg. Signature: S.F. in conjunction with Josef Fabi.
Stefan Schwartz (1851 Neutra, Hungary – 1924 Raabs an der Thaya, Austria)
Johann Schwerdtner (1834 – 1920)
Franz Stiasny (1881 – 1941)
Josef Hermann Tautenhayn (1837 – 1911)
Josef Johann Tautenhayn (1868 Speising bei Wien – 1962 Vienna)
Fritz Tiefenthaler (1929 Matrei/Brenner, Tyrol – 2010 Vienna)
Oskar Thiede (1879 – 1961)
Ascher Wappenstein (about 1780 Kraków, today in Poland -)
Carl Waschmann (1848 – 1905)
Anton Rudolf Weinberger (1879 – 1936?)
Ferdinand Maria Josef Welz (1915 – 2008)
Johann Nepomuk Wirth (1753 – 1811)
Franz Zeichner (1778 – 1862)
Alfred Zierler (born 1933)
Helmut Zobl (born 1941)

Belgian
Jules Baetes (1861 – 1937)
Armand Bonnetain (1883 – 1973)
Joseph-Pierre Braemt (1796 – 1864)
Georges André Brunet (1902 Brussels – 1986)
Eugène Canneel (Flemish) (1882 – 1966)
Albert Carlens (1789 – 1873)
Guillaume Charlier (1854 – 1925)
Eugène Jean De Bremaecker (1879 – 1963)
Oscar de Clerck (1892 Oostende – 1968 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe)
Floris de Cuyper (1875 – 1965)
Paul De Greef (1926 – 1988)
Marnix D'Haveloose (1885 – 1973)
François De Hondt (1786 – 1862)
Jean-Baptiste DeKeyser (born 1857, year of death unknown)
Maxine Real Delsarte (1888 – 1954)
Victor Joseph Ghislain Demanet (1895 – 1964)
Isidore-Lievin De Rudder (1855 – 1943)
Louis-Antoine de Smeth (1883 – 1964)
Pieter De Soete (1886 – 1948)
Godefroid Devreese (1861 Courtrai (Flanders) – 1941 Brussels, Belgium)
Auguste De Wever (born 1856, year of death unknown)
Paul-Maurice Dubois (1859 – 1938)
Josuë Dupon (1864 – 1935)
Louis Dupont (1896 – 1967)
Toon Dupuis (1877 – 1937)
Antoine Fisch (1827 – 1892)
Joseph Fisch (1870 – 1931)
Paul Fisch (1865 Brussels - ?) son of Antoine Fisch
Jules Fonson
Édouard Louis Geerts (1846 Brussels – 1889 Ixelles)
Léon Gobert (1869 – 1935)
Laurent Joseph Hart (1810 – 1860)
Frans Jochems (1880 – 1949)
Jules Jooris
Jules Jourdain (1873 Namur – 1957 Brussels)
Adolphe Christian Jouvenel (1798 – 1867)
Jan Alfons Keustermans (born 1940)
Jules Lagae (1862 – 1931)
Karl Lateur
Jean Lecroart (1883 Laeken near Brussels – 1967)
Dolf Ledel (1893 – 1976)
Hippolyte Le Roy (1857 Liège – 1943 Ghent)
Luc Luycx (born 1958)
Alfonse "Alf" Mauquoy (1880 Antwerp – 1954)
Alphonse Michaux (1860 – 1928)
Georges Petit (1879 – 1958)
Joseph Arnold Pingret (1798 – 1862)
René Pirart (1887 – 1952)
Marcel Rau(1886 – 1966)
Victor Rousseau (1865 – 1954)
Charles Samuel (1862 – 1939)
Henri Thiery (1875 – 1941)
Robert van de Velde (1895 – 1978)
Madeleine van Dionant (1903 – 1984)
Philo Van Riel
Geo Verbanck (1881 – 1961)
Franz Vermeylen (1857 Louvain – 1922)
Adrien Veyrat (1803 – 1883)
Thomas Jules Vinçotte (1850 Antwerp-Borgerhout – 1925 Brussels)
Charles Wiener (1832 – 1888)
Jacob Wiener (1815 Kamp-Lintfort-Hoerstgen – 1899 Brussels)
Léopold Wiener (1823 – 1891)
Paul Wissaert (1885 – 1972)
Joseph Witterwulghe (1883 Brussels – 1967 Ukkel near Brussels). Engraver of medals commemorating WW1.
Marcel "Marc" Wolfers (1886 Brussels – 1976)
Philippe Wolfers (1858 – 1929) medallist?
Jean Würden (1807 Cologne – 1874 Brussels). Signature: WURDEN

Bermudian
Eldon Trimingham III (born 1956)

British
George Gammon Adams (1821 – 1898)
Abigail Burt (born 1989). British Art Medal Society Medallist
William Henry James Blakemore, Engraver, (1871 Birmingham, West Midlands – 1945 Croydon, South London) Signature: WHJB
Sir Joseph Edgar Boehm (1834 Vienna, Austria – 1890 London, England)
Matthew Boulton (1728 Birmingham – 1809 Birmingham)
Frank Bowcher (1864 Islington – 1938 London)
Sir Thomas Brock (1847 – 1922)
William Brown (Gem-engraver) (1748 – 1825 London)
 John Croker (1670 – 1741).
Linda Crook (born 1943). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Joseph Davis (died c. 1857)
Ron Dutton (born 1935). British Art Medal Society Medallist
George William de Saulles (1862 – 1903) Signatures: "DES", "DS", or "WS".
Robert Elderton (Born 1948)
Elkington & Co. (1861 Birmingham - 1963)
Thomas Fattorini Ltd (from c 1860s). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Arthur Fenwick (active in Birmingham 1888 - 1951)
Joseph Fray (active in Birmingham 1873 - 1951)
Ernest George Gillick (1874 – 1951)
Mary Gaskell Gillick OBE (1881 – 1965)
Samuel Grün
Thomas Halliday (c. 1780–?)
John Gregory Hancock (active in Birmingham 1775 – 1815)
John Henning (Scottish) (1771 – 1851)
Michael Hibbit, (born 1947 in London, died 2009 in Seattle)
Mathew Holland, of Bigbury Mint Ltd (Born 1963), British Art Medal Society Medallist, Bigbury Mint also award the Annual Student Medal Prize 
Thomas Wells Ingram (1799 Warwickshire – 1844 Birmingham, England)
Christopher Ironside, OBE (1913 London, England – 1992 Winchester, Hampshire)
Henry Kettle & Sons (active in Birmingham 1792 – 1830)
George Kruger Grey (1880 London, England – 1943 Chichester West Sussex, England). Signature: GK
John Lobban (1919-1996) "one of Britain’s foremost numismatic artists" — ref British Art Medal Society (BAMS)
Alphonse Legros (1837 – 1911). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Arnold Machin (1911 Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire – 1999 Eccleshall near Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England), Signature: RDM
John Maine (born 1942). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Raphael David Maklouf (born 1937 in Jerusalem, Israel)
Percy Metcalfe (1895 – 1970)
George Mills (1792/3 – 1824)
John Mills (1933-2019)
 Joseph Moore (1817 – 1892).
Nichola Moss (born 1962). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Philip R. Nathan (born 1941)
Jane McAdam Freud (born 1958)
Johann Rudolf Ochs (1704 Berne, Switzerland – 1788 London)
John Ottley (active in Birmingham 1790 – 1850)
Thomas Ottley (active in Birmingham 1852 – 1931)
Martin Page. British Art Society (BAMS) Medallist
Thomas Humphrey Paget, Sculptor, (1893 Watford, Hertfordshire near London, England – 1974 Sussex). Signature: HP
Ronald Penell (born 1935). British Art Society (BAMS) Medallist
John Phillp (1778 Falmouth, Cornwall – 1815 Birmingham). Artist at Boulton's Soho Mint since 1793.
Francis Phillips
Catherine Pilkington
John Pinches (1916 – 2007)
John Pinches Snr (1825 Birmingham – 1905 London)
John Harvey Pinches (1852 – 1941)
John Robert Pinches (1884 – 1968)
Thomas Ryan Pinches (1825 Birmingham – ?)
John Pingo (1738 – 1827)
Lewis Pingo (1743 – 1830)
Thomas Pingo Jr (1714 – 1776)
Thomas Pingo Sr. (1688 – after 1743)
Benedetto Pistrucci (1783 – 1855); became English Chief engraver
Felicity Powell (1961-2015)
Edward Carter Preston (1885-1965)
Ian Rank-Broadley, coin designer (born 1952 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey England). Signature: IRB
Natasha Ratcliffe (born 1982). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Sara Richards
Michael Rizzello (1926 – 2004)
John Roettiers (1631 – 1703)
Ronald Searle (1920-2011). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Bernard Ralph Sindall (1925 Surbiton, Surrey – 1998)
Danuta Soloweij-Wedderburn (born 1962). British Art Medal Society Medallist. Coin designer
Jaqueline Stieger (born 1936). British Art Medal Society Medallist
Avril Vaughan (1937-2008) Coin & Medal designer. British Art Medal Society Medallist
Thomas Webb (fl. 1797 – 1830)*J.A. Wylie (active 1914 – 1940)
David Wynne (1926 – 2014)
Alfred Benjamin Wyon (1837 – 1884)
Joseph Shepherd Wyon (1836 – 1873)
Leonard Charles Wyon (1826 – 1891)
Thomas Wyon the elder (1767 – 1830)
Thomas Wyon the younger (1792 – 1817)
William Wyon (1795 – 1851)

Bulgarian
Blagovest Georgiev Apostolov (born 1953 Sofia)
Alexander Haytov (born 1954)
Sneschana Russewa-Hoyer (born 1953 Krushari)

Canadian
Walter Seymour Allward (1876 – 1955)
Henry Birks (1840 – 1928)
Elizabeth Bradford Holbrook (1913 – 2009)
Christian Cardell Corbet (born 1966)
Ken Danby (1940 - 2007)
Emanuel Otto Hahn (1881 Reutlingen (today Baden-Württemberg), Germany – 1957 Toronto, Canada)
Georges Huel (1930 Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan – 2002 Montréal)
Jaroslav F. Huta (born 1940 Czechoslovakia)
John Jaciw (Graphic Designer, born 1932 Kolynci, Ukraine -)
R. Tait McKenzie (1867 – 1938)
Dora de Pedery-Hunt (1913 – 2008)
Walter Schluep (born 1931 in San Feliu de Guixols, Spain)
Thomas Shingles (1903 – 1984)
Benjamin Trickett Mercer (born 1991)
Leo Yerxa (1947 - 2017)

Costa Rican
Juan (Johann) Barth (essayer San José mint, 1847–1864). Signature J.B.

Croatian
Frano Menegello Dinčić (1900 – 1986)
Ivo Kerdić (1881 – 1953)
Francesco Laurana (c. 1430  – 1502)

Czech
Jaroslav Brůha (1889 – 1969)
Jiří Harcuba (1928 Harrachov – 2013 Prague)
Jaroslav Horejc (1886 – 1983)
Zdeněk Kolarsky (born 1931 in Kostelec nad Orlicí, Bohemia)
Mario Korbel (1882 – 1954)
Miroslav Mlynář (born 1938)
Josef Václav Myslbek (1848 – 1922)
Věnoval Pichl (1741-1805)
Marian Polonski (born 1933)
Václav Adolf Kovanič (1911 - 1999)
Lubomir Ruzicka (born 1938 in Vyškově, Moravia)
Jan Solpera (1939 Hradec – )
Otakar Španiel (Bohemian) (1881 – 1955)
Ivan Strnad (1926 – 2005)

Danish
Gunnar Jensen (1863 – 1948)
Hans Peter Sophus Lindahl (1849 Køge-1935 Copenhagen)
Anders Nyborg (born 1934 in Gentofte, Capital Region of Denmark)
Peter Petersen (1810 – 1892)
Harald Salomon (1900 – 1990) 
Anton Schultz (active in Copenhagen 1716 – 1724, from 1724 active in Moscow, died there 1736)
Bertel Thorvaldsen (1770 – 1844)
Hanne Varming (born 1939)

Dutch
Floris de Cuyper (1875 – 1965)
Dr Copius Hoitsema (1867 Groningen – 1958 Zuidlaren)
Romeyn de Hooghe (1645 Amsterdam – 1708 Haarlem)
Frederik Engel Jeltsema (1879 – 1971)
Johan Philip van der Kellen (1831 Utrecht - 1906 Baarn). Signature: VDK
Bruno Ninaber van Eyben (born 1950 Boxtel)
Eugène Lacomblé (1828 Brussels – 1905 Arnhem)
Hendrix Lageman (1765 – 1816)
Yman Dirk Christiaan Suermondt (1792 Rotterdam – 1871 Utrecht), mint-master in Utrecht 1815-1838.
Willem Vis (1936 Leiden – 2007)
Salomon Isaac de Vries (1816 The Hague – 1886 Amsterdam), signature: S. de Vries
Ludwig Oswald Wenckebach (1895 – 1962)
Johann Cornelius Wienecke (1872 – 1945)

Finnish
Aarre Aaltonen (1889-1980). Coin design OLYMPIA HELSINKI 1952
Olof Eriksson (1911-1987)
Heikki Häiväoja (1929-2019)
Raimo Heino (1932 Helsinki – 1995 Helsinki)
Eila Hiltunen (1922 – 2003)
Kimmo Pyykkö(born 1940)
Gerda Franziska Qvist (1883 – 1957)
Kauko Räsänen (1926 – 2015)
Walter Runeberg (1838 – 1920)
Matti Visanti (1885 – 1957). Coin design OLYMPIA HELSINKI 1952

French
Henri Émile Allouard (1844 Paris – 1929)
Léonce Alloy (fl. 1899 – 1942)
Charles Altorffer (1809 Strasbourg – 1887)
René Jean Louis Andréi (1906-1987)
Jean-Bertrand Andrieu (1761 – 1822)
Arthus-Bertrand (founded in Paris in 1803)
Roger B. Baron (1907 – 1994)
Albert Désiré Barre (1818 – 1878)
Jean-Auguste Barre (1811 – 1896)
Jacques-Jean Barre (also often styled "Jean-Jacques Barre", 1793 – 1855)
Anna Bass (1876-1961)
René Baudichon (1878 – 1963)
Léon-Georges Baudry (1898 – 1978)
Lucien Georges Bazor (1889 – 1974)
Edmond Henri Becker (1871 – 1971)
Paul Belmondo  (1898 – 1982)
Raoul René Alphonse Bénard (1881 – 1961)
Arthus-Bertrand (born 1946)
Louis Charles Beylard (1843 – 1925)
Roger Bezombes(1913 – 1994)
Jane L. Blanchot (1884-1979)
Léon-Alexandre Blanchot (1868 – 1947)
Édouard-Pierre Blin (1877 Chartres - 1946 Paris)
Max Blondat (1872 – 1925) He is a sculptor, for medallist
Michel Eugène Blondelet (1840 Paris – 1929 Paris)
Émile André Boisseau (1842 – 1923)
Alfred Borrel (1836 – 1927)
Louis-Alexandre Bottée (1852 – 1941)
Louis Maximilien Bourgeois (1839 – 1901)
Brassaï (Gyula Halász) (1899 – 1984)
Nicolas-Guy-Antoine Brenet (1773 – 1846)
Laurent Burger (1897 – 1969)
Gérard Buquoy (Chief engraver of La Monnaie de Paris 2001) (born 1944)
Jean Marie Camus (1877 Clermont-Ferrand – 1955 Paris)
Armand Auguste Caqué (1793 Saintes – 1881 Paris)
Claude Cardot (born 1934 Saint-Etienne)
Lucien Jean Henri Cariat (1874 – 1925)
Louis-Félix Chabaud (1824 – 1902)
Jules-Clément Chaplain (1839 – 1909)
Raymond Corbin (1907 – 2002)
Jean-Louis Chorel (born 1875, year of death unknown) medallist?
François André Clémencin (born 1878, year of death unknown) medallist?
Robert Cochet (1903 – 1988)
Georges Contaux (1891-1984)
Raymond Corbin (1907 – 2002)
Marie Alexandre-Lucien Coudray (1864 Paris – 1932)
Marcel Louis Maurice Courbier (1898 – 1976)
Fabienne Courtiade (born 1970 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges (Val-de-Marne))
Robert Coutre (born 1915)
Léopold Georges Crouzat (1904 – 1976)
Paul-Marcel Dammann (1885 – 1939?)
Jean-Baptiste Daniel-Dupuis (1849 – 1899)
Joseph Dantzell (1805 Lyons – 1877 Paris)
Pierre-Victor Dautel (1873 – 1954?)
Georgette Daveline (1902-?)
Pierre-Jean David d'Angers (1788 – 1856)
Louis Auguste Ernest Davin (1866 Saint-Michel-en-Beaumont – 1937 Grenoble)
Charles-Jean-Marie Degeorge (1837 – 1888)
Raymond Henri Philippe Delamarre (1890 – 1986)
Maurice Delannoy (1885 – 1972)
Jean  Delpech
Jean-Marie Delpech (1866 Banios – 1929)
André Deluol(1909-2003) medallist?
Dominique-Vivant Denon (1747 – 1825)
Alexis Joseph Depaulis (1792 – 1867)
Albin François de Possesse (born 1888, year of death unknown)
Jean-Pierre Casimir de Marcassus, Baron de Puymaurin (1757 – 1841)
Alphonse Desaide (1850-1911)
Jules Desbois (1851 – 1935)
Léon Julien Deschamps (1860 – 1928)
Joseph François Domard (1792 – 1858)
Jean-Baptiste Émile Dropsy (1848 – 1923)
Henri Dropsy (1885 – 1969)
Alphée Dubois (1831 Paris – 1905 Clamart)
Henri Alfred Auguste Dubois (1859 – 1943)
Joseph Eugène Dubois (1795 – 1863)
Thérèse Dufresne (1937 Madagascar - 2010)
Auguste Dujardin (1847 Paris - 1925 Essey-lès-Nancy)
Rambert Dumarest (1760 – 1806)
Augustin Dupré (1748 – 1833)
Georges Dupré (1869 – 1909)
Guillaume Dupré (1574 – 1643)
Amédée Pierre Durand (1789 Paris – 1873)
Pierre-Simon-Benjamin Duvivier (1730 – 1819)
Johanna Ebertz (1944 Wetzlar, Germany –  )
Claude Emmel
Étienne-Victor Exbrayat (1879 – 1914)
Richard-Camille Fath (1900 – 1952) Signature: FATH
Charles Maurice Favre-Bertin (1887 Paris - 1960 Clichy)
Daniel Gerard Flourat (1928 Paris – 1968 Bry-sur-Marne)
Charles Forster (19th century)
Édouard Fraisse (1880 – 1945)
Jean Gallo (born 1916)
André Léon Galtié (1908 – 1998)
Hippolyte Marius Galy (1847-1929)
Jacques-Édouard Gatteaux (1788 – 1881)
Raymond Gayrard (1777 – 1858)
Lucien Gibert (1904 Saint-Etienne – 1988)
Ferdinand Gilbault (1837 – 1926)
Émile Gilioli (1911 – 1977)
Léon Gobert (1869 – 1935) medallist?
Paul Grandhomme (1851 Paris – 1944 Saint-Briac-sur-Mer, Ille-et-Vilaine, France)
Geneviève Granger (1877 – 1967)
Henri-Léon Gréber (1855 – 1941)
René Grégoire (1871 – 1945)
Hélène Guastalla (1903 Paris – 1983 Nice)
Paul Louis Guilbert (1886 - 1952) medallist?
Octave Denis Victor Guillonnet (1872 – 1967)
Georges Guiraud (1901 – 1989)
Aleth Jeanne Antoinette Guzman-Nageotte (1904 – 1978)
Emmanuel Hannaux (1855 – 1934)
Jacques Hardy
Josette Hébert-Coëffin (1906 – 1973)
Auguste Albert Herbemont (1874 Paris - 1953)
Benoit Lucien Hercule (1846 – 1913)
Henri Théodore Martin Herluison (1835 – 1905)
Léon Auguste César Hodebert (1854? – 1914) medallist?
Roland Irolla (born 1935)
Albert de Jaeger (1908 Roubaix - 1992 Paris)
Romain-Vincent Jeuffroy (1749 - 1826)
Joaquin Jimenez (born 1956)
Jean Joachim (1905 Levallois-Perret – 1990 Paris)
Raymond Joly (1911 Paris – 2006)
Laurent Jorio (1973 Bouaké, Ivory Coast)
Sylvain Kinsburger (1855 – 1935)
Abel Lafleur (1875 – 1953)
Jean Lagrange (1831 – 1908)
René J. Lalique (1860 – 1945)
Léon Lamer (1889 – 1926)
Raoul-Eugène Lamourdedieu (1877 – 1953)
Alfred Désiré Lanson (1851 – 1898)
André-Marie Lavrillier (1885 – 1958)
Gaston Lavrillier (1890 – 1958)
Jean Le Blanc (1677 – 1749)
Arthur Jacques Le Duc (1848 – 1918)
Hippolyte-Jules Lefèbvre (1863 – 1935)
Jules-Prosper Joseph Marie Edmond Legastelois (1855 Paris – 1931)
Alphonse Legros (1837 – 1911)
René Leleu (1911 – 1984)
Georges Henri Lemaire (1853 – 1914)
Pierre-Charles Lenoir (1878 – 1953)
Claude Lesot  (1933 –  )
Jules Auréle L'Hommeau (1867-1938)
Marcel Prosper Lordonnois (1876 Paris – 1926)
Auguste Maillard (1864 – 1944)
Claude-Léon Mascaux (1882 – 1965)
André Arthur Paul Massoulle (1851 Epernay – 1901 Paris)
Jean Mauger (1648 – 1712)
Marius-Jean-Antonin Mercié (1845 – 1916)
J.(Giacomo Jaques) Merculiano (1859 – 1935)
René Mérelle (1903 – 1990)
Louis Merley (1815 – 1883)
Auguste-François Michaut (1786 – 1879)
Gustave Frédéric Michel (1851 – 1924)
Émile Adolphe Monier (1883 – 1970)
Jean-Pierre Montagny (1789 – 1862)
Blanche Adèle Moria (1859 – 1927)
Pierre-Alexandre Morlon (1878 – 1951)
Mélanie "Anie" Mouroux (1887-1978)
Louis Muller (1902 – 1957)
Henri Naudé (1859 Brégnier-Cordon, Ain – ?)
Henri Éduard Navarre (1885 Paris  – 1971 Paris)
Paul François Niclausse (1879 – 1958)
Eugène André Oudiné (1810 – 1887) Signature: E.A. Oudiné
Henri Auguste Jules Patey (1855 – 1930)
Louis Patriarche (1872 – 1955)
Jean William Henri Pécou (1854 Bordeaux - 1920)
Raymond "Ray" Pelletier (1907 – 1958)
Adolphe Penin (1888 – 1985)
Ludovic Penin (1830 – 1868)
Marius Penin (1807 – 1883)
Paul Penin (1921 – 2017 Lyon)
Victor Peter (1840 – 1918)
Henri Marius Petit (1913 Paris – 2009 Boulogne-Billancourt)
Jean Claude Petit (1819 Besançon - 1903 Paris)
Louis-Michel Petit (1791 – 1844)
Émile Edmond Peynot (1850 – 1932)
Charles-Louis Picaud (1855 Lyon - 1934)
Charles Philippe Germain Aristide Pillet (1869 – 1960)
Pierre Marie Poisson (1876 – 1953)
Daniel Ponce (1933 – 2017)
François-Joseph-Hubert Ponscarme (1827 – 1903)
Pierre Pradeilhes (1919 – 2003)
Victor-Émile Prouvé (1858 – 1943)
Georges-Henri Prud'homme (1873 – 1947)
Pierre Puvis de Chavannes (1824 – 1898) medallist?
Denis Fernand Py (1887 – 1949)
Madeleine Pierre Quérolle (born 1914)
Marcel Renard (1893 – 1974)
Dr Paul M. L. Pierre Richer (1849 – 1933)
Georges Ridet (1906 – 1967)
André Adolphe Rivaud (1892 Paris – 1951)
Adolphe Rivet (1855 Périgueux – 1925 Gentilly (Seine))
Pierre Roche (1855 – 1922)
Charles Norbert Roettiers (1720 – 1772)
Joseph-Charles Roettiers (1691/2 – 1779)
Émile Rogat (1770 – 1852) 
Louis-Oscar Roty (1846 – 1911)
Charles René de Paul de Saint-Marceaux (1845 – 1915)
André Pierre Salès (born 1860 Perpignan, year of death unknown)
Sylvain Salières (1865, Escorneboeuf, Gers - 1920 Pittsburgh, USA)
André Pierre Schwab (1883 Nancy – 1969)
Georges Simon (1906 – 1982)
Moïse Stern (1826 Haguenau, Alsace - 1915 Paris)
René Stern (1862 Paris - 1940)
Gérard Suzeau-Villeneuve (1938 -  )
Paulin Tasset (1839 – 1921)
Maurice René G. Thénot (1893 – 1963)
Nicolas-Pierre Tiolier (1784 Paris – 1853 Paris) Signature: N. Tiolier
Pierre-Joseph Tiolier (1763 – 1819)
Raymond Tschudin (1916 – 1998)
Pierre Turin (1891 – 1968)
Georges Urbain (1872 – 1938) medallist?
André Vauthier-Galle (1818 – 1899)
Antoine Vechte (1800 – 1868 Avallon, Burgundy)
Frédéric-Charles-Victor de Vernon (1858 – 1912)
Adrien Veyrat (1803 – 1883)
Élie Jean Vézien (1890 – 1982)
Charles Louis Eugène Virion (1865 – 1946)
Jean Warin, or Varin (1604 – 1672)
Hubert Yencesse (1900 – 1987) medallist?
Ovide Yencesse (1869 – 1947)

German
Abraham Abramson (1754 – 1811)
Friedrich Johannes Maximilian "Max" Barduleck (1846 – 1923)
Ernst Barlach (1870 – 1938)
Egon Beckenbauer (1913 – 1999)
Karl Wilhelm Becker (1772 – 1830)
Gertrud Bergmann (1910 – 1985) 
Josef Bernhart (1883 – 1967)
Axel Bertram (1936-2019)
Johann Blum (1599 – after 1689)
Alois Börsch (1855 – 1923) 
Rudolf Bosselt (1871 – 1938)
Ferdinand von Brakenhausen (1835 – 1895)
Friedrich Brehmer (1815 – 1889)
Bodo Broschat (1959 Neuruppin –  )
Philipp Christian Bunsen (1729 – 1790)
Hans Karl Burgeff (1928 – 2005)
Ludwig Burger (1825 – 1884)
Georg Christoph Busch (died 1811) Mint-master in Ratisbon, Bavaria, 1773 – 1809. Signature B
František Chochola, (born 1943 in Kolín, Bohemia)
Fritz Christ (1866 – 1906)
Sebastian Dadler (1586 – 1657)
Maximilian Dasio (1865 – 1954)
Karl Dautert (1875 Frankfurt am Main – 1944/45 Berlin)
Cirillo Dell'Antonio (1876 – 1971)
Gottlob August Dietelbach (1806 Stetten im Remstal - 1870 Stuttgart)
Wolfgang Doehm (1934-2010)
Johann Veit Döll (1750 – 1835)
Oskar Döll (1886 – 1914)
Dietrich Dorfstecher, (1933 Groß Miltzow-Kreckow – 2011 Berlin)
Lissy Eckart-Aigner (1891 – 1974)
Paul Effert (born 1931)
Benno Elkan (1877 – 1960)
Bruno Eyermann (1888 – 1955)
August Fischer  (1805 – 1866)
Johann Karl Fischer  (1802 – 1865)
Wilfried Fitzenreiter (1932 – 2008)
Else Fürst (1873 – 1943)
Werner Godec (born 1946)
Bernd Goebel (born 1942)
Karl Goetz (1875 – 1950)
Theodor von Gosen (1873 – 1943)
Hugo Grünthal, owner of Robert Ball Nachf. Berlin, (1869 Beuthen – 1943 Berlin)
Arthur K. Grupp, (1929 Plochingen  – )
Heinrich Gube (∗ 1802 Breslau (Prussia),† 1848 St. Petersburg)
Ludwig Habich (born 1872, year of death unknown)
Jan Hansky (1925 – 2004)
Georg Hautsch (1659 Nürnberg – 1745 Vienna)
Reinhart Heinsdorff (1923 – 2002)
Lorenz Hoffstätter (1904 – 1787)
Rudi Högner (1907 – 1995)
Ludwig Hohlwein (1874 – 1949)
Albert Holl (1890 – 1970)
Martin Holtzhey (1697 – 1764)
Friedrich Wilhelm Hörnlein, (1873 – 1945)
Hermann Hosaeus, (1875 – 1958)
Heinz Hoyer, (born 1949 Elxleben)
August Hummel (1866 – 1933)
Anton Zvone Jezovsek (born 1935 Slovenia, died 2017)
Richard Klein (1890 – 1967)
Hubert Klinkel (born 1939 Cochem, Mosel)
Anton Friedrich König (1756 – 1838)
Helmut König (1934-2017)
Heinrich Körner (1908 – 1993 Esslingen)
Karl Reinhard Krüger (1794 Dresden – 1879 Dresden). Signature: R. K.
Reinhard Kullrich (1869 – 1947)
Ludwig Christoph Lauer (1817 – 1873)
Rolf Lederbogen (1928 – 2012)
Arthur Lewin-Funcke (1866 - 1937)
Gerhard Lichtenfeld (1921 – 1978)
Daniel Friedrich Loos (1735 Altenburg an der Pleisse – 1819 Berlin)
Gottfried Bernhard Loos (1773 Berlin – 1843)
Heinrich Lorenz (1810 – 1888)
Johann Jacob Lorenz (1845 – 1887)
Valentin Maler (about 1540 – 1603)
Prof. Rudolf Mayer  (1846 Nýdek - 1916 Karlsruhe)
Wilhelm Mayer  (born in 1840, year of death unknown)
Heinrich Missfeldt (1872 Kiel – 1945 Torgau)
Heinrich Moshage (1896 – 1968)
Georg Mueller, Sculptor of the Munich Secession, (1880 Munich – 1952 München)
Philipp Heinrich Müller (1654 – 1719)
August Neuss (medallist in Augsburg 1840 – 1870)
Johann Jakob Neuss  (1770 – 1847)
Rolf Nida-Rümelin (1910 – 1996)
Hermann Noack (1867 – 1941)
August Friedrich von Nordheim (1813 Heinrichsdorf bei Suhl, Thuringia – 1884 Frankfurt am Main, Germany)
Karl Ulrich Nuss (born 1943 Stuttgart)
Otto Oertel (died in 1892)
Louis Oppenheim (1879 – 1936)
Erich Ott (born 1944 Oberammergau, Bavaria)
Christoph Carl Pfeuffer (1801 – 1861)
Leonhard Posch (1750 – 1831)
Robert Propf (1910 – 1986)
Carl Radnitzky (1818 – 1901)
Johann Christian Reich (1740 – 1814)
Heinz Rodewald (1932 Zduńska Wola, Poland – 1993 Berlin)
Gerhard Rommel (1934 – 2014)
Wilhelm von Rümann (1850 – 1906)
Sneschana Russewa-Hoyer (born 1953 Krushari)
Emil Schilling (1864-1933)
Karl Friedrich Schinkel (1781 – 1841)
Johann Wilhelm Schlemm Mint-master at Clausthal 1753 – 1788†. Signature: I.W.S
Christian Schnitzspahn (1829 – 1877)
Ernst Schomer (1915 – 2005)
Kurt Schumacher (1905 – 1942)
Siegmund Schütz (1906 Dessau – 1998 Dessau)
Tobias Schwab (1887 – 1947)
Heinrich von Schwabe (1847 – 1907)
Hans Schwegerle (1882 – 1950)
Renée Sintenis (1888 – 1965)
Peter Strang (born 1936 in Dresden)
Paul Sturm (1859 Leipzig, Saxony – 1936 Jena, Germany)
Alfred Thiele (1886 – 1957)
Diedrich Uhlhorn (1764 – 1837)
Carl Vezerfi-Clemm (1939 – 2012)
Alfred Vocke (1886 – 1944)
Georg Vogt (1881 – 1956) Signature: G·V
Carl Friedrich Voigt (1800 – 1874)
Joseph Wackerle (1890 – 1950)
Heinrich Maria Waderé (1865 – 1950)
Heidi Wagner-Kerkhof (born 1945 in Spremberg)
Doris Waschk-Balz (born 1942 in Berlin)
Leopold Weber (see Lippold Wefer)
Lippold Wefer (Mint Master in Clausthal, Harz, 1640 – 1674)
Gustav Weidanz (1888 – 1970)
Emil Weigand (1837 – 1906)
Emil Rudolf Weiss (1875 – 1942)
Richard Martin Werner (1903 – 1949)
Franz Wilhelm(1846 – 1938)
Susanne Wimmelmann (1926 – 2015)
Wilkens & Söhne (established 1810 by Martin Heinrich Wilkens)
Albert Wolff (1814 – 1892)
Albert Moritz Wolff (1854 – 1923)
Arnold Zadikow (1884 – 1943)
Christian Zollmann (Medallist and mint engraver at Wiesbaden 1845 – 1859) Signature: C. ZOLLMANN

Greek
Giorgos Stamatopoulos (1963 Athens – )

Hungarian
Tamás Asszonyi (born 1942)
Eszter Balás (born 1947)
Lajos Berán (1882 Budapest – 1943 Budapest)
György Bognár (born 1944 Budapest) Signature: BGY
Miklós Borsos (1906 – 1990)
Jenő Bory (1879 – 1959)
Barna Búza (1910 – 2010)
Tibor Budahelyi (born 1945)
Sándor Csepregi (born 1950)
Róbert Csíkszentmihály (born 1940 Budapest)
Tibor Csiky (1932 – 1989)
Viktória Csúcs (1934 Kiskunhalas – 1993) Signature: CSV
Antal Czinder (born 1937)
István Béla Farkas (1915 – 2005)
Béni Ferenczy (1890 – 1967)
Ferenc Friedrich (born 1946)
Mihály Fritz (born 1947)
Gábor Gáti (born 1937)
István Iván (1905 Szombathely – 1967 Budapest)
Gyula Halász (1899 – 1984)
György Holdas (born 1944)
János Kalmár (born 1952)
György Kiss (1943-2016)
András Kiss Nagy (1930 – 1997)
János Konyorcsik (1926 – 2010)
József Kótai (born 1940 Sopron). Signature KJ
László Kutas (born 1936)
András Lapis (born 1942 Kecskemét, Hungary)
Roland Ferenc Lieb (born 1976)
Erika Ligeti (1934 – 2004)
Mária Lugossy (1950-2012)
Gyula Murányi (1881 – 1920)
Pál Patzo (1886 – 1945)
József Reményi (1887 – 1977)
E. Tamás Soltra (born 1955)
Tamás Somogyi (born 1950)
György Szabó (born 1947)
László Szlávics, Jr. (born 1959)
László Szunyogh (born 1956)
Enikő Szöllőssy (born 1939)
Eduard Telcs (1872 Baja, Hungary - 1948 Budapest)
Endre András Tornay (1949 – 2008)
Sándor Tóth (1939-2019) Signature: TS
Carl Vezerfi-Clemm (1939 – 2012)
Tamás Vígh (1926-2010)
Fülöp Zoltán (1951 Budapest – 2004 Budapest). Monogram "FZ"
Képíró Zoltán (1944 Budapest – 1981 Budapest). Monogram "KZ"
Ildikó Zsemlye (born 1969)

Irish
Gabriel Hayes
Jarlath Fabian Hayes

Israeli
Reuven Rubin (1893 – 1974)
Eliezer Weishoff (born 1938)

Italian
Giovanni Guido Agrippa (c. 1501)
Costantino Affer (1906 Milano – 1987 Milano, Italy), Designer. Signature: COST· AFFER
Pietro Annigoni (1910 – 1988)
Donnino Bentelli (1807 – 1885)
Antonio Bert  (1904 San Pietro a Sieve – 1990 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy)
Francesco Bianchi (1842 Rome – 1918 Rome)
Bini Bino (1916 Florence -  2007 Florence)
Floriano Bodini (1933 – 2005)
Egidio Boninsegna (1868 Milan -  1929 Milan)
Francesco Broggi (died in 1857)
Camello (surname of Vittore Gambello)
Pietro Canonica (1869 – 1959)
Angelo Cappuccio (1855 Milan - 1918)
Maria Angela Cassol (born 1956 in Nettuno, Province Rome) Signature: MAC
Giannino Castiglioni (1884 Milan – 1971 Lierna, Como)
Vincenzo Catenacci (1786 – 1855)
Giuseppe Cerbara (1770 – 1856)
Nicola Cerbara (1796 – 1869)
Pietro Cinganelli
Maria Carmela Colaneri (born 1963 Rome)
Luigi Cossa (1789 – 1867)
Laura Cretara (born 1939 in Rome)
Eugenio Driutti (born 1949 Tarcento)
Antonio Fabris (1792 – 1865)
Giuseppe Ferraris (1794 – 1869)
Filarete (about 1400 – 1469)
Ettore Lorenzo Frapiccini (born 1957 in Buenos Aires)
Pietro Giampaoli (1898 Urbignacco di Buja, Province of Udine, Italy – 1998 Rome)
Ettore Galli (1811 – 1841)
Luigi Giorgi (1848 Lucca – 1912 Rome)
Stefano Girola
Giuseppe Girometti (1780 – 1851)
Pietro Girometti (1811 – 1859)
Tommaso Gismondi (1906 Anagni, Province Frosinone, Italy – 2003 Anagni)
Emilio Greco (1923 Catania, Sicily – 1995 Rome)
Alberto Hamerani (1620 – 1677)
Giovanni Martino Hamerani (1646 – 1705)
Ottone Hamerani (1694 – 1768)
Gioacchino Hamerani (1766 – 1797)
Giovanni Hamerani (1774 – 1846)
Michele Laudicina
Francesco Laurana (c. 1430  – 1502)
Amedeo Lavy (c. 1770 – 1826)
Leone Leoni (1509 – 1590)
Lodovico Leoni (1531 – 1606)
Daniela Longo (born 1968)
Luigi Mainoni (died in 1853)
Giuseppe Malavasi (died in 1855)
Luigi Manfredini (1771 – 1840)
Roberto Mauri (born 1949 in Rome)
Tommaso Mercandetti (1758 – 1821)
J.(Giacomo Jaques) Merculiano (1859 – 1935)
Claudia Momoni (born 1963 Rome)
Guerrino Mattia Monassi 1918 Buja, Italy – 1981 Zingonia, near Bergamo, Italy
Attilio Silvio Mottii (1867 – 1935)
Vittorio Nesti
Giovanni Pasinati (born 1755, year of death unknown)
Giuseppe Pasinati (1756 – 1829)
Salvator Passamonti
Uliana Pernazza (born 1959)
Giuseppe Fortunato Pirrone (1898 Borgetto (Palermo) – 1978 Rome) 
Pisanello (1395 – 1455)
Domenico Poggini (1520 – 1590)
Victor de Pol (1865 Venice – 1925 Buenos Aires)
Giovanni Pietro de Pomis (ca.1565 or 1569/70 – 6 March 1633)
Francesco Putinati (c. 1775 – 1848)
Giuseppe Romagnoli (1872 Bologna – 1966 Rome)
Orietta Rossi (born 1968 Rome)
Enrico Saroldi (1878 – 1954)
Gregorio Sciltian (1900 – 1985)
Luciana De Simoni (born 1957)
Filippo Speranza (1848 San Martino al Cimino – 1903 Rome)
Roberto Terracini, Sculptor, (1900 Torino – 1976 Torino)
Luigi Teruggi Sculptor (born 1934 Fontaneto d'Agogna)
Gabriella Titotto Sculptor (born 1970 Rome)
Gerolamo Vassallo (1771 – 1819)
Goffredo Verginelli (1911 – 1972)
Guido Veroi (1926 Rome – 2013 Rome)
Giovan Battista Vichi (1774 – 1849)
Jorio Vivarelli Sculptor (1922 Fognano, near Pistoia, Italy – 2008 Pistoia)
Bonfiglio Zaccagnini (1793 – 1867)
Gaetano Zapparelli (1792 – 1863)

Japanese
Shigeo Fukuda (1932 Tokyo – 2009 Tokyo)

Latvian
Jānis Tilbergs (1880 Riga, Russian Empire – 1972 Riga, Latvian SSR)
Rihards Zariņš (1869 Kocēni, Latvia – 1939 Riga)

Lebanese
Paul Koroleff (1896 St Petersburg, Russia – 1992 Beirut, Lebanon)

Lithuanian
Juozas Kalinauskas (born 1935)
Juozas Zikaras (1881 – 1944)

Luxembourg
Charlotte Engels (1920 – 1993)
Yvette Gastauer-Claire (born 1957 Esch-sur-Alzette)
Edmond Goergen (1914 Steinsel-Müllendorf – 2000 Luxembourg)
Julien Lefèvre (1907 Esch-Uelzecht – 1984 Luxembourg)
Nina Lefèvre, née Kestler (1904 Tashkent – 1981 Luxembourg)
Auguste Trémont (1892 – 1980)

Monégasque
Pierre Lovy

New Zealand
Reginald George James Berry OBE (1906 London-Dulwich – 1979 Auckland, New Zealand) Signature: JB
William Rose Bock (1847 – 1932)
G. Coates & Co. Christchurch (Established by Giles Coates 1851 in Nelson, and removed 1861 to Christchurch). Mint of the award medal for the New Zealand Interprovincial Exhibition 1872 Christchurch.
Robert Maurice Conly (1920 – 1995)
Harry Dansey MBE (1920 Auckland – 1979 Auckland, New Zealand)
David Hakaraia Wellington. Designer of NZ coins. (born 1977 at Tokoroa, New Zealand)
Thomas Hugh Jenkin (born 1899 Surrey, England)
Saint Andrew Matautia, NZ Post Wellington (born 1984 in Apia, Samoa), designer of the New Zealand 2020 Rowi Kiwi coins.
Leonard Cornwall Mitchell (1901 Wellington, New Zealand - 1971)
Marian Fountain (Born 1960)
Hagbarth Ernest Möller (1870 Dunedin – 1936 Dunedin, New Zealand)
Dave Martin Robertson (coin designer since 2011)
Frederick Charles William Staub (1919 – 2012) Signature: FS
Michel Tuffery (Artist in Wellington, NZ coin design 2012 "Friendship New Zealand & Samoa")
Christopher (Chris) Waind (NZ coin designer 2006 "Gold Rushes")
Heath Adam Wilkes (coin designer since 2011)
Ken Wright (born about 1955 in England), Papamoa, Bay of Plenty, New Zealand, designer of the 2009 NZ coins silver series

Norwegian
Caspar Herman Langberg (1811 Kristiansand, Norway - 1888 Kongsberg, Norway)
Gunnar Karelius Utsond  (1864 Kviteseid – 1950 Kviteseid, Norway)

Peruvian
Robert Henry Britten  (1832 UK – 1882 Lima, Peru)

Polish
Józef Aumiller (1892 Warsaw – 1963 Wielen, Poland)
Tadeusz Breyer (1874 – 1952)
Bronisław Chromy (1925-2017)
Zofia Demkowska (1919 – 1991)
Józef Gosławski (1908 – 1963)
Anna Jarnuszkiewicz (1935 Warsaw – )
Jerzy Jarnuszkiewicz (1919 – 2005)
Krystian Jarnuszkiewicz Signature: KJ
Wojciech Jastrzębowski (1884 Warsaw – 1963 Warsaw)
Bronisław Krzysztof (born 1956)
Anthony Francis Mieczyslaw Madeyski (1862 – 1939)
Józef Markiewicz (1913 – 1991)
Wiesław Müldner-Nieckowski (1915 – 1982)
Jerzy Nowakowski (born 1947)
Stanisław Sikora (1911 – 2000)
Krzysztof Szczepan Nitsch
Katarzyna Piskorska (1937 – 2010)
Stanisław Plęskowski
Adolf Ryszka (1935 – 1995)
Stanisław Sikora (1911 – 2000)
Stanisława Wątróbska-Frindt (1934 – 1994)

Portuguese
Luís Filipe de Abreu (born 1935)
Caetano Alberto Nunes de Almeida (1795  –1851)
José Simões de Almeida (sobrinho) (1880 Figueiró dos Vinhos – 1950 Lisbon)
Leopoldo de Almeida (1898 – 1974)
Venâncio Pedro de Macedo Alves (1853 Lisbon - 1933)
Pedro Anjos Teixeira (1908 – 1997)
José Manuel Aurélio (born 1938)
Rogério dos Santos Azevedo (1898 – 1983)
Salvador Carvão da Silva d'Eça Barata Feyo (1899 – 1990)
Maria Barreira (1914-2010)
Baltazar Manuel Bastos
Gustavo Bastos (1928-2014)
Hélder Batista (1932-2015)
Avelino António Soares Belo (1872 – 1927)
João Paulo Póvoas Bento d'Almeida (born 1947)
Vasco Berardo (1933 – 2017)
Numídico Bessone Borges de Medeiros Amorim (1913 – 1985)
João José Braga
Fernando Branco (born 1939 Lisbon, died 2020)
Álvaro João Vela de Brée (1903 – 1962)
José Maria Cabral Antunes (1916 – 1986)
Frederico Augusto de Campos (1814 Lisbon – 1895 Bemfica, Portugal). Signature: F. A. C.
Domingos António Cândido
José Cândido (born 1932)
Isabel Carriço (born 1943 at Coimbra)
Cassiano Augusto Vidal da Maia (1844 – 1895)
Dorita de Castel-Branco (1936 – 1996)
Luís dos Santos Castro Lobo
João Charters de Almeida (born 1935)
Jorge Coelho (1955)
Vasco Pereira da Conceição (1914-1992)
Fernando Conduto (born 1937)
Joaquim Correia (1920-2013)
Hélio Costa (born 1960)
Tomás Costa (medallist)
Vasco Gonçalves Costa (aka Vago) (1921-2005)
Rui Cunha
João Cutileiro (1937-2021)
Carlos Diniz
António Duarte (1912-1998)
Paulo Guilherme Ribeiro Dúlio Thomas d' Eça Leal (1932 Lisbon – 2010 Lisbon)
José Farinha (1920 – 1979)
Paulo Ferreira (1911-1999)
Manuel Carvalho Figueira
Francisco Xavier de Figueiredo (? – 1818)
João de Figueiredo (1725 – 1809)
João Fragoso (1913 – 2000)
Francisco Franco (1888 – 1955)
José Franco (1920 – 2009)
Francisco de Borja Freire (1791 – 1869)
C. Gama
António Lagoa-Henriques (1923 – 2009)
Manuel Inácio
Aureliano Lima (1916 – 1984)
Casimiro José de Lima (? – 1899)
António Lino (1914-1996)
Raul Sousa Machado (born 1921 Viseu, Portugal)
Manuel da Silva Lúcio
António Marinho (born 1945 at Guimarães)
Amaro Marques (? – 1797)
Joaquim Martins Correia (1910 – 1999)
Armando Matos Simões (born 1933)
Clara Menéres (1943-2018)
Paulo Aureliano Mengin (? – 1788)
Pedro António Mengin (? – 1795)
José Arnaldo Nogueira Molarinho (1828 – 1907)
Cipriano da Silva Moreira (1755 – 1826)
José de Moura (1915-2016)
Manuel da Silva Nogueira (born 1926)
Marcelino Norte de Almeida (1906 Lisbon - 1995)
António José Oliveira (1921-?)
João Oom (born 1937)
António Paiva
Luís Gonzaga Pereira (1796 – 1868)
Feliciano Avelino Peres (1821 – ?)
Rosa Ramalho (? – 1978)
Ramos de Abreu
Manuel de Morais Silva Ramos (? – 1872)
Domingos Alves Cevens do Rêgo (1873 Colmeias, Leiria - 1960 Lisbon)
Manuel Martins Ribeiro
José Rodrigues (1936-2016)
Francisco dos Santos (1878 Paião – 1930 Lisbon)
Inácio Santos
José Laranjeira Santos (born 1930)
José Sérgio Carvalho e Silva
João da Silva (1880 Lisbon – 1960 Lisbon)
José de Sousa
Augusto Jorge Ulisses
José António do Vale (1765 – 1842)
Euclides da Silva Vaz (1916-1991)
Raul da Vaza (born 1935)
Domingos Venâncio
Jorge Ricardo da Conceição Vieira (1922 – 1998)
Maria Irene Lima de Matos Vilar (1930 – 2008)
Armindo Viseu pseudonym of Armindo Ribeiro (1916 – 2004)
Raul Maria Xavier (1894 – 1964)

Romanian
Démètre "Anastase" Anastasescu (born 1909, year of death unknown)
Haralambie Ionescu (born 1914, year of death unknown)
Ion Jalea (1887 – 1983)

Russian
Alexander Paulovich Lyalin (1802 – 1862)
Alexey Koroluck (1933 – 2002)
Remir Kharitonov (USSR)
Count Feodor Petrovitch Tolstoy (1783 – 1873)
Yevgeny Vuchetich (USSR) (1908 – 1974)

Serbian
Zlatara Majdanpek (Gold Refinery Belgrade established 1969)

Slovak
Štefan Schwartz (1851 – 1924)
Ladislav Snopek (1919 Mařatice – 2010 Bratislava)

South African
Willie Myburg (Die-sinker at the South African Mint 1965 – 1989)
Thomas Sasseen (Die-sinker at the South African Mint 1959 – 1974)
Coert Steynberg (1905 – 1982)

Spanish
Fernando Calico Rebull (1909-?)
Begoña Castellanos Garcia (1967- ) Designer of the 1st Spanish Euro coins
Salvador Felipé Jacinto Dalí (1904 – 1989)
Luis José Díaz Salas (1967- ) Designer of the 1st Spanish Euro coins
Bartolomé Maura y Montaner (c. 1842-44 – 1926)
Garcilaso Rollán (Designer of the 1st Spanish Euro coins)
Pablo Ruiz y Picasso (1881 – 1973)
Gregorio Sellán y González (1829 Madrid - after 1893)
Ismael Smith (1886 – 1972)

Swedish
Lea Ahlborn (1826 – 1897)
Emil Brusewitz (1840 – 1908)
Carl Gustaf Fehrman (1746 – 1798)
Alf Grabe (1880 – 1966)
Leo Jean Holmgren (1904 – 1989)
Ivar Viktor Johnsson (1885-1970)
Arvid Karlsteen (1947 - 1718)
Svante Kede (1877 – 1955)
Olof Lidijn, Mint-master in Stockholm, (1773 – 1819†)
Adolf Lindberg (1839 – 1916)
J. Erik Lindberg (1873 – 1966)
Ludvig Lundgren (1789 – 1853), Father of Pehr Henrik Lundgren
Pehr Henrik Lundgren (1824 – 1855) Signature PHL
Sebastian Tham, Mint-master in Stockholm 1855 – 1876, 1797 Forsvik, Sweden - 1876 Stockholm. Signature: S.T.

Swiss
Richard Emil Amsler (1859 Schaffhausen – 1934 Schaffhausen)
August Blaesi (1903 Stans – 1979 Luzern)
Hugues Bovy (1841 – 1903)
August Bösch (1857 – 1911)
Antoine Bovy (1795 – 1877)
Hans Brandenberger (1912 Sumbawa, Dutch East Indies – 2003 Zürich, Switzerland)
Jacques-Antoine Dassier (1715 – 1759)
Jean Dassier (1676 – 1763)
Eugène-Baptiste Doumenc (born 1873, year of death unknown)
Jean-Pierre Droz (1746 – 1823)
Edouard Durussel (designer of Swiss shooting thalers, and medals after 1875)
Hans Frei (1868 Basel – 1947 Riehen)
Johann Baptist Frener (1821 – 1892)
Jules Holy (born 1872, year of death unknown)
Henri-Édouard Huguenin (1879 – c. 1919–20)
André Huguenin-Dumittan (1888 – 1975)
Fritz Huguenin-Jacot (born 1845, year of death unknown)
Richard Kissling (1848 – 1919)
Fritz Ulysse Landry (1842 – 1927)
Conrad Meyer (1618 – 1689)
Jean Henri Samuel Mognetti (1820 Geneva - 1904)
Johann Rudolf Ochs (1673 Berne – 1750 London)
C. (Charles Jean) Richard (1832 Geneva, Switzerland -)
Philipp Jakob Treu (1761 – 1825)
Charles Vuillermet (1849 – 1918)
Max Reinhold Weber (1897 Menziken, Aargau – 1982 Collonge-Bellerive, Genève, Switzerland)

United States
Robert Ingersoll Aitken (1878 – 1949)
Mark Aron (1910 – 1990)
Richard W. Baldwin (1921 – 2012)
Charles E. Barber (1840 – 1917)
William Barber (1807 – 1879)
Leonard Baskin (1922 – 2000)
Chester Beach (1881 – 1956)
Abram Belskie (1907 – 1988)
Stanley Bleifeld (1924 – 2011)
Victor David Brenner (1871 – 1924)
George Thomas Brewster (1862 – 1943)
Gaetano Cecere (1894 – 1985)
Rene Paul Chambellan (1893 – 1955)
Herring Coe (1907 – 1999)
Joseph Arthur Coletti
Robert Cronbach (1908 – 2001)
Eugene L. Daub (born 1942)
T. James Ferrell (1939-2020, Clayton, New Jersey)
Anthony de Francisci (1887 – 1964)
Donald Harcourt De Lue (1897 – 1988)
René Theophile de Quélin (1853 – 1931)
Frank Eliscu (1912 – 1996)
Donald Nelson Everhart II (born 1949 York, Pennsylvania)
John F. Flanagan (1865 – 1952)
James Earle Fraser (1876 – 1953)
Laura Gardin Fraser (1889 – 1966)
Daniel Chester French (1850 – 1931)
Moritz Fuerst (1782 – 1840)
Frank Gasparro (1909 – 2001)
Edward Ryneal Grove (1912 — 2002)
Gladys Gunzer (1939 – 2016)
Laszlo Ispanky (1919 – 2010)
Carl Paul Jennewein (1890 – 1978)
Elizabeth Jones (born 1935 in Montclair New Jersey), Signature: EJ
Marcel Jovine (1921 – 2003)
Julio Kilenyi (1885 – 1959)
Mario Korbel (1882 – 1954)
Georg Albrecht (Albert) Ferdinand Küner (1819 Lindau, Germany – 1906 San Francisco, California)
Michael Lantz (1908 – 1988)
Leo Lentelli (1879 – c. 1961/2)
James B. Longacre (1794 – 1869)
George Hampden Lovett (1824 Philadelphia – 1894 Brooklyn, New York)
Bruno Lucchesi (1860 – 1924)
Henry Augustus Lukeman (1872 – 1935)
Oronzio Maldarelli (1892 – 1963)
Edward Francis McCartan (1879 – 1947)
Ralph Joseph Menconi (1915 – 1972)
John M. Mercanti (born 1943 in Philadelphia) Signature: JM
Albert F. Michini (1925 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – 1994 Coatesville, Pennsylvania) Signature: am
Richard McDermott Miller (1922 – 2004)
Berthold Nebel (1889 – 1964)
Norman E. Nemeth (1942 Newport News, Virginia – 2012 West Chester, Pennsylvania). Signature: NN
Edmondo Quattrocchi (1889 – 1966)
Johann (John) Matthias Reich (1768 Fürth, Bavaria, Germany – 1833 Albany, New York)
Joseph Emile Renier (1877–1966)
Richard Renninger (1918 Boyertown, Pennsylvania – 1995 Springfield, Delaware County)
Gilroy Roberts (1905 – 1992) Signature: GR (monogram)
Augustus Saint-Gaudens (1848 – 1907)
Hans Schaefer (1875 Sternberg, Moravia – 1933 Chicago, Illinois)
Alexander "Alex" George Shagin (born 1947)
John Ray Sinnock (1888 – 1947)
Ken Smith (1951-2020)
Jonathan M Swanson (1896 – 1968)
Lorado Zadoc Taft (1860 – 1936)
Henry van Wolf (1898 – 1982)
Adolph Alexander Weinman (1870 – 1952)
Robert Weinman (1915 – 2003)
Dennis R. Williams (born 1952 Erie, Pennsylvania) Signature: DRW
Sherl Joseph Winter (born 1934 in Dayton, Ohio) Signature: JW
Charles Cushing Wright (1796 Damariscotta, Maine  – 1854 New York). Signature: C.C.W.
Emil Zettler (1878 – 1946)

Mints specializing in art medals
Medallic Art Company
Monnaie de Paris (Paris Mint) (founded in 864)
Mathew Holland, of Bigbury Mint Ltd , Devon, United Kingdom (Founded in 1980, incorporated in 2000). Matthew Holland: Designer of The Promise, Art Medal (British Art Medal Society, New Art Medal 2003)


This is a list of 590 species in Clivina, a genus of ground beetles in the family Carabidae.

Clivina species

Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net


145534 Jhongda, provisional designation 2006 GJ, is an asteroid and member of the stony Merxia family, orbiting in the central region of the asteroid belt, approximately 2–3 kilometers (1–2 miles) in diameter. It was discovered by Taiwanese astronomers Yang Tingzhang and Ye Quanzhi at the Lulin Observatory on 1 April 2006. The likely elongated asteroid has a rotation period of 4.5 hours. It was named for the Taiwanese National Central University.

Orbit and classification
Jhongda is a member of the Merxia family (513), a large family of stony S-type asteroids named after its parent body 808 Merxia.: 23  It orbits the Sun in the central main-belt at a distance of 2.3–3.1 AU once every 4 years and 5 months (1,625 days; semi-major axis of 2.71 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 6° with respect to the ecliptic. The first precovery was taken by Spacewatch in February 1992, extending the asteroid's observation arc by 14 years prior to its discovery at the Lulin Observatory.

Naming
This minor planet was named after the Taiwanese National Central University, which controls the discovering Lulin Observatory. "Jhongda" is the University's abbreviation in Mandarin Chinese. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 2 April 2007 (M.P.C. 59389).

Physical characteristics
In January 2014, a rotational lightcurve of Jhongda was obtained from photometric observation by astronomers at the Intermediate Palomar Transient Factory in California. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 4.490±0.040 hours with a high brightness variation of 0.67 in magnitude (U=2) indicative of an elongated, non-spherical shape. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for carbonaceous asteroids of 0.057 and calculates a diameter of 3.54 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 15.98. Conversely, Jhongda measure only 2.1 kilometers for an albedo of 0.23, which is typical for the stony members of the Merxia family.: 23

References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info Archived 16 December 2017 at the Wayback Machine)
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (145001)-(150000) – Minor Planet Center
145534 Jhongda at AstDyS-2, Asteroids—Dynamic Site
Ephemeris · Observation prediction · Orbital info · Proper elements · Observational info
145534 Jhongda at the JPL Small-Body DatabaseThe Archdeacon of Sudbury is a senior cleric in the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich.
The archdeacon is responsible for the disciplinary supervision of the clergy in its five rural deaneries; Clare, Ixworth, Lavenham, Sudbury and Thingoe.

History
Originally in the Diocese of Norwich, the Sudbury archdeaconry was transferred to the Diocese of Ely in 1837. It was then transferred a second time to the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich in 1914. The current archdeacon is David Jenkins.

List of archdeacons
Notes
References
Sources
Greenway, Diana E., ed. (1971), Fasti Ecclesiae Anglicanae 1066–1300, vol. 2, pp. 69–71
Jones, B., ed. (1963), Fasti Ecclesiae Anglicanae 1300–1541, vol. 4, pp. 30–32
Horn, Joyce M., ed. (1992), Fasti Ecclesiae Anglicanae 1541–1857, vol. 7, pp. 49–50Mariana Savka, also spelled Maryana Savka (born February 21, 1973, in Kopychyntsi) is a Ukrainian poet, children's writer, translator and a publisher. In 2003 she was awarded the Vasyl Stus Prize.

Early life and education
Mariana Savka was born on 21 February 1973 in Kopychyntsi. Her father, Orest Savka, was a theater director and an activist. Mariana holds a degree in Ukrainian studies from the Ivan Franko National University of Lviv. During her studies, she co-created an all-female literary group ММЮННА ТУГА with Marianna Kiyanovska, Natalka Sniadanko and others. She also studied at the drama studio of the Les Kurbas Theatre in Lviv.

Career
She worked as a researcher at the Stefanyk National Science Library which led to her publishing a work on Ukrainian emigrant press in the First Czechoslovak Republic. In the 1990s she also contributed to the literature section of the Postup daily. In 2001 she founded with her husband a publishing house called Vydavnytstvo Staroho Leva ("Old Lion’s Publishing House") which initially focused on children's and young adult literature, then expanded into literature for adults. She is the editor-in-chief of the company.She debuted in 1995 with poetry book Оголені русла. Her works have appeared in various newspapers and magazines, such as Suchasnist`, Svitovyd, Kuryer Kryvbasu, Chetver, and the Ukrainian Quarterly, and have been featured in anthologies, including Метаморфози. Десять найкращих українських поетів останніх десятих років (Metamorphoses. Top Ten Ukrainian Poets of the Last Decade). Her works have been translated into seven languages including English, Russian and Polish. Apart from writing, Savka is also a composer and a singer in Maryanychi Trio, for which she has written over 30 songs. She also works as a translator.Savka is s a member of PEN Ukraine and of the Council of the Center for the Study of Literature for Children and Youth. She serves as the United Nations Development Programme Tolerance Ambassador in Ukraine and is the vice-president of the Big Hedgehog literary prize: the first non-governmental literary award in Ukraine dedicated to honoring authors of books for children and youth.In 1998, Savka won in the Fackel literature competition and in 2003 she was awarded the Vasyl Stus Prize.

Publications
For children
Чи є в бабуїна бабуся? (Does the Baboon Have a Grandma?), 2003
Лапи і хвости (Paws and Tails), 2005
Казка про Старого Лева (Fairy Tale about an Old Lion), 2011
Босоніжки для стоніжки (Sandals for the Centipede), 2015
На болоті (At the Swamp), 2015
Тихі віршики на зиму (Silent Poems for Winter), 2015

For adults
Оголені русла (Bare Channels), 1995
Малюнки на камені (Paintings on the Stone), 1998
Гірка мандрагора (Bitter Mandrake), 2002
Кохання і війна (Love and War), 2002
Квіти цмину (Strawflowers), 2006
Бостон-джаз: візії та вірші (Boston-Jazz: Visions and Poems), 2008
Тінь риби (Shadow of Fish), 2010
Пора плодів і квітів (Time of Fruit and Flowers), 2013
Листи з Литви / Листи зі Львова (Letters from Lithuania / Letters from Lviv), 2016
Колисанки і дрімливі вірші (Lullabies and Somnolent Poems), 2017


Coming of Age is a 2015 German-South African-Mosotho documentary drama film directed by Teboho Edkins and co-produced by Don Edkins for Steps and Teboho Edkins for Deutsche Film-und Fernsehakademie Berlin (dffb). The film revolves around four Basotho teenagers: Lefa, Senate, Retabile and Mosaku; over the course of two years as they grow up in the village of Ha Sekake.The film made its premier in February 2015 in Germany. The film received mixed reviews from critics and screened at many film festivals. In 2015, the director won the Biberstein Gusmao Award for the Best Emerging Director at the 2015 Porto/Post/Doc. At the 2015 Berlin International Film Festival, the film was nominated for the Crystal Bear Award for the Generation 14plus - Best Film. In the same year, the film was nominated for the Tanit d'Or for the Documentary Feature Film Carthage Film Festival. In 2016 the film was again nominated for the EVA - Excellence in Visual Anthropology Award at the Ethnocineca.

References
External links
Coming of Age at IMDb28 Engineer Regiment (C-CBRN), Royal Engineers is a regiment of the British Army that focuses on countering chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (C-CBRN) hazards in the environment. Its operational chain of command is 29 (Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Search) Group, under 8th Engineer Brigade as part of 1st (UK) Division.

History
28 Engineer Regiment was formed on 15 April 1951. It saw service in Benghazi, Libya and in Korea with the 1st Commonwealth Division in the Korean War. In 1956, 28 Engineer Regiment deployed to Christmas Island in support of the original Operation Grapple.  The primary task of the regiment was the construction of the airfield and the 'Main-Camp', from which nuclear tests would be facilitated. In January 1957, on completion of their tasks in the Pacific Ocean, a letter was received from the War Office announcing the disbandment of the regiment and the subordination of its sub-units.In 1971, the regiment was re-formed as 28 Amphibious Engineer Regiment, coming under operational control of Commander, Royal Engineers, I (BR) Corps in West Germany, and equipped with the M2 Amphibious Bridging Equipment.In 1992, the regiment was re-organised under the Options for Change reforms. 28 Amphibious Engineer Regiment was re-roled as a general support regiment tasked with supporting the 1st Armoured Division with its amphibious commitment remaining but reduced to a single squadron (23 Amphibious Engineer Squadron). The regiment saw deployments to the former Republic of Yugoslavia, in 1995. It was also deployed on the initial invasion during Operation Telic, Iraq in 2003.Before the initial Army 2020 changes, the regiment was re-roled as a close support engineer regiment, attached to the 11th Light Brigade. In 2014 the unit was disbanded as a result of the Army 2020 reforms.

Reformation
The regiment reformed on 1 April 2019 as a counter-chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (C-CBRN) regiment with dismounted RE elements to be based at Rock Barracks in Woodbridge, Suffolk, whilst mounted RTR elements remain in Harman Lines, Warminster, Wiltshire.The sub-units of 28 Engineer Regiment (C-CBRN) are:
64 Headquarters & Support Squadron (C-CBRN), Royal Engineers, at RAF Honington
Falcon Area Surveillance and Reconnaissance Squadron, Royal Tank Regiment, at Harman Lines, Warminster Garrison
42 Field Squadron (C-CBRN), Royal Engineers, at Rock Barracks, Woodbridge
77 Field Squadron (C-CBRN), Royal Engineers, at Rock Barracks, Woodbridge

The regimental emblem

The emblem on the 28 Engineer Regiment flag is a Christmas Island Frigatebird emblazoned on a hexagon. The hexagon was used as an emblem by a number of Royal Engineer Special Warfare Groups in WW1, and draws inspiration from the chemical diagram for the benzene ring, a chemical structure found in a large number of chemical warfare agents. The hexagon remains part of the symbology and iconography adorning identifying badges and emblems of CBRN units and organisations of many NATO partners.
The Christmas Island Frigatebird is endemic to the Christmas Islands and was the motif for the original Operation Grapple on which 28 Engineer Regiment deployed.


Aramis Range is the third range south in the Prince Charles Mountains, situated 11 miles southeast of the Porthos Range and extending for about 30 miles in a southwest–northeast direction. First visited in January 1957 by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) southern party led by W.G. Bewsher, who named it for a character in Alexandre Dumas' novel The Three Musketeers, the most popular book read on the southern journey.

Features
Geographical features include:

Amery Peaks
Other features
Further reading
R.J. Tingey, GEOLOGICAL WORK IN ANTARCTICA 1971
John Manning, Mapping Surveys in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica, 2012, P 4

External links
Aramis Range on USGS website
Aramis Range on AADC website
Aramis Range on SCAR website
description of the Aramis Range
Satellite image of the Aramis Range
map of the Aramis Range
updated long term weather forecast for the Aramis Range


The Castle of Verzuolo (Italian: Castello di Verzuolo) is a medieval castle in the Piedmont region of Italy, near Verzuolo, Province of Cuneo. It is located around 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the city of Saluzzo and 84 kilometres (52 mi) from Turin.

History
The castle was originally built in the 11th century and was modified in its original structure by order of Frederick II in 1377. The successors of Frederick II continued modifying the structure of the building, turning it into the main fortress of the Marquisate of Saluzzo.In 1528, Giovanni Ludovico, Marquess of Saluzzo, was imprisoned in the castle.In 1600 the castle facade was renovated, changing its aspect from that of a military fortress to that of a luxury mansion, and it has since been used as a summer residence of illustrious personalities, including Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy, and Giambattista Bodoni.On 18 June 1916, valuable documents referring to the history of Piedmont were lost in the collapse of one of the castle's two towers.

References
External links
www.comune.verzuolo.cn.itThe 2016 season was Hammarby Fotboll's 101st in existence, their 47th season in Allsvenskan and their 2nd consecutive season in the league. They competed in Allsvenskan and Svenska Cupen during the year. League play started in early April and lasted until early November. Nanne Bergstrand made his third season as manager.

Summary
The team had a strong run in the 2015-16 Svenska Cupen. They won against Djurgårdens IF in the group stage, before eliminating their other local rival AIK in the quarter finals after a penalty shoot-out. Eventually Hammarby lost in the semi final against BK Häcken, finishing joint third in the tournament.However, during the first half of the league play Hammarby struggled in their fixtures, only winning 3 of the 15 games. One of the few highlights were the performances of midfielder Erik Israelsson who managed to score 8 goals during the same period.Mid through the campaign, manager Nanne Bergstrand chose to swap the two central defenders, with youngster Joseph Aidoo and newly signed David Boo Wiklander making their entrances as regular starters. Out of the following 11 games Hammarby won an impressive 7 – also keeping a clean sheet in 6 consecutive away fixtures. Boo Wiklander was later voted player of the year by the club's supporters.During the end of the season, Hammarby struggled to stay in the new found mid regions of the table, losing 3 out of the 4 last fixtures. Eventually the club, to some disappointingly, finished 11th in Allsvenskan. However, on match day 26, Hammarby managed to beat local rivals Djurgården in a spectacular derby fixture. The Brazilian striker Rômulo scored a hat-trick while securing a 4-2 win for his side.In the off-season, on 18 November, the board chose to sack manager Nanne Bergstrand, citing "a need to get a new voice and new energy into the club's sporting development".

Players
Squad information
Transfers
In
Out
Player statistics
Appearances and goals
As of 21 November 2016

Disciplinary record
Last updated: 21 November 2016Source: hammarbyfotboll.seOnly competitive matches = Number of bookings;  = Number of sending offs after a second yellow card;  = Number of sending offs by a direct red card.

Club
Coaching staff
Other information
Pre-season and friendlies
Friendlies
Competitions
Overall
Updated to match played 10 April 2016Source: Competitions

Allsvenskan
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Kickoff times are in (UTC+01) unless stated otherwise.

Svenska Cupen
2015–16
The tournament continues from the 2015 season.
Kickoff times are in UTC+1.

Group stage
Knockout stage
2016–17
The tournament continues into the 2017 season.

Qualification stage


== Footnotes ==A Little Piece of Ground is a young adult novel by Elizabeth Laird, written with Sonia Nimr. The book is about a  twelve-year-old boy and his family struggling under the oppression of occupation in Palestine. It was first published by Macmillan in 2003 and reprinted by Haymarket Books in 2006. In 2003 it was a nominee for the Carnegie Medal and in 2004 won the Hampshire Book Award. The story comes from Laird's experiences in Lebanon during the Lebanese Civil War. The book has attracted some controversy regarding its portrayal of Israel/Palestinian relations. The book was translated into Arabic and rewritten with the Palestinian author Sonia Nimr and it was published by Tamer Institute for Community Education.

References
External links

Interview with the writer from NPR, 2003
Teaching Guide for A Little Piece of Ground
Article about A Little Piece of Ground
A Little Piece of Ground (PDF file)
Book Review at dissidentvoice.orgJim Willis was a Negro league pitcher in the 1920s and 1930s.
Willis made his Negro leagues debut in 1926 with the New Orleans Algiers. In 1929, he joined the Nashville Elite Giants, and spent the majority of his career with the club, as it moved from Nashville to Cleveland, Columbus, Washington, and finally Baltimore, where Willis finished his career in 1939.

References
External links

Negro league baseball   statistics and player information from Baseball Reference (Negro leagues) and SeamheadsEvelyn Hu-DeHart (Chinese: 胡其瑜; pinyin: Hú Qíyú) is a Professor of History and a Professor of American Studies at Brown University.

Biography
Hu-DeHart was born in Chongqing, China in 1947. Her family fled to Hong Kong in 1949 and then to the United States in 1959. She received a full scholarship to attend Stanford University in 1965 at the age of 17 and graduated in 1968 with a B.A. in Political Science with Honors, and was recognized with the Dinkelspiel Award. Her encounter with the Civil Rights Movement and Third World activism was particularly influential during those years. After a Fulbright to Brazil, she proceeded to receive her Ph.D. at the University of Texas at Austin in 1976 in Latin American History.
She then joined the Department of History at the Washington University, St. Louis, where she stayed from 1973 to 1985, initially as an Instructor and was promoted to an Associate Professor with tenure. She then moved to the Graduate Center at the City University of New York, where she taught until 1988. After which, she served as the first Director of the Center for Studies of Ethnicity and Race in America (CSERA) at the University of Colorado at Boulder. She then became a Professor of History and Ethnic Studies at Brown University, as well as the Director of the school's Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity in America in 2002.
Additionally, she received a Doctor of Laws honoris causa from the University of Notre Dame in 2003. She has lectured and held visiting appointments in Mexico, Peru, Cuba, France, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and China, as well as at Wesleyan University, New York University, and the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. She speaks and/or reads over eight languages, including English, Spanish, and Chinese.

Academic work
Hu-DeHart has authored three books, served as editor for four edited volumes, and penned dozens of articles and chapters. She began her career with two books on the Yaqui people of northwest Mexico and its borderlands. After which, her attention turned towards the lost history of Asian migration in Latin America, focusing in particular to their histories in Cuba, Peru, and Mexico, where she examined the ways these immigrants have contributed to their respective societies and cultures. More broadly, she is a noted theorist of diasporas and transnationalism, as well as multicultural education in the United States.

Selected publications
Missionaries, Miners, and Indians: History of Spanish Contact with the Yaqui Indians of Northwestern New Spain, 1533-1830 (1981)
Yaqui Resistance and Survival: Struggle for Land and Autonomy, 1821-1910 (1984)
Across the Pacific: Asian Americans and Globalization (Editor) (1999)
Voluntary Associations in the Chinese Diaspora (co-edited with Khun Eng Kuah-Pearce) (2006)
Latino Politics en Ciencia Política: The Search for Latino Identity and Racial Consciousness (co-edited with Tony Affigne and Marion Orr) (2014)

References
External links
Brown University Faculty Page
Chinese Railroad Workers in North America Project at Stanford UniversityRagged schools were charitable organisations dedicated to the free education of destitute children in 19th century Britain. The schools were developed in working-class districts. Ragged schools were intended for society's most destitute children. Such children, it was argued, were often excluded from Sunday School education because of their unkempt appearance and often challenging behaviour. The London Ragged School Union was established in April 1844 to combine resources in the city, providing free education, food, clothing, lodging and other home missionary services for poor children. Although the London Ragged School Union did not extend beyond the metropolis, its publications and pamphlets helped spread ragged school ideals across the country. They were phased out by the final decades of the 19th century.
Working in the poorest districts, teachers (who were often local working people) initially utilized stables, lofts, and railway arches for their classes. The majority of teachers were voluntary, although a small number were employed. There was an emphasis on reading, writing, arithmetic, and study of the Bible. The curriculum expanded into industrial and commercial subjects in many schools. It is estimated that about 300,000 children went through the London ragged schools alone between 1844 and 1881.The Ragged School Museum in the East End of London shows how a ragged school would have looked; it is housed in buildings previously occupied by Dr. Thomas Barnardo. The Ragged School Museum provides an idea of the working of a ragged school, but Thomas Barnardo's institution differed considerably in practice and philosophy from those schools accountable to the London Ragged School Union.

Early days
Several schools claim to have pioneered truly free education for impoverished children. For many of the destitute children of London, going to school each day was not an option. From the 18th century onwards, schools for poor children were few and far between. They had been started in areas where someone had been concerned enough to want to help disadvantaged children towards a better life.In the late eighteenth century Thomas Cranfield offered free education for poor children in London. While he was a tailor by trade, Cranfield's educational background included studies at a Sunday school on Kingsland Road, Hackney. In 1798, he established a free children's day school on Kent Street near London Bridge. By the time of his death in 1838, he had established 19 free schools providing services for children and infants living in the lower-income areas of London. These opportunities and services were offered days, nights, and on Sundays, for the destitute children of poor families throughout London.John Pounds, a Portsmouth shoemaker, provided important inspiration for the movement. At the age of twelve Pounds' father arranged for him to be apprenticed as a shipwright. Three years later, he fell into a dry dock and was crippled for life after damaging his thigh. Unable to work as a shipwright, John became a shoemaker and, by 1803, had his own shop in St Mary Street, Portsmouth. In 1818, Pounds, known as the crippled cobbler, began teaching poor children without charging fees. He actively recruited children and young people to his school. He spent time on the streets and quays of Portsmouth making contact and even bribing them to come with the offer of baked potatoes. He began teaching local children reading, writing, and arithmetic. His reputation as a teacher grew and he soon had more than 40 students attending his lessons. He also gave lessons in cooking, carpentry and shoemaking. Pounds died in 1839. Pounds quickly became a figurehead for the schools; his ethos was used as an inspiration for the later movement.
In 1841 Sheriff Watson established a school in Aberdeen, Scotland. In contrast to the earlier efforts of Pounds and Cranfield, Watson used compulsion to increase attendance at the institution. Watson was frustrated by the number of children who committed a petty crime and faced him in his courtroom. Rather than sending them to prison for vagrancy, Watson established a school for boys. As a law official, the sheriff arrested the vagrant children and enrolled them in school.The Industrial Feeding School opened to provide reading, writing and arithmetic.  Watson believed that gaining these skills would help the boys rise above the lowest level of society. It was not confined to the 'three R's', however, as the young scholars also received instruction on geology. Three meals a day were provided and the boys were taught useful trades such as shoemaking and printing. A school for girls followed in 1843. In 1845, the schools were integrated. From here, the movement spread to Dundee and other parts of Scotland.

The same year that Watson established his school in Aberdeen, the Field Lane ragged school began in Clerkenwell, London. Historians have debated how connected the movement was between England and Scotland. E.A.G. Clark argued that 'the London and Scottish schools had little in common except their name'. More recently, Laura Mair has demonstrated that literature, philosophy and passionate individuals were shared between schools. She writes that 'schools forged significant links across cities and countries that disregarded physical distance'. It was S. R. Starey, the secretary of the Field Lane ragged school, who first applied the term 'ragged' to the institutions in an advert he submitted to The Times seeking public support.In Edinburgh the first example was the Vennel Ragged School (aka New Greyfriars School) created by Rev William Robertson, the minister of the nearby New Greyfriars Church, in 1846 on ground on the north-west corner of George Heriot's School. The unassuming Robertson was however eclipsed by the self-promoting Rev Thomas Guthrie who created a parallel Ragged School on Mound Place, off Castlehill in April 1847.Guthrie placed himself at the forefront of the movement in Scotland but was certainly not alone in his aims. His 'Plea for Ragged Schools', published in March 1847 to garner the public's support for a school in the city, laid out his indisputable arguments that proved highly influential. Guthrie was first introduced to the idea of ragged schools in 1841, while acting as the Parish Minister of St. John's Church in Edinburgh. On a visit to Anstruther in Fife, he saw a picture of John Pounds in Portsmouth and felt inspired and humbled by the cobbler's work.

Birth of the organisation
In April 1844, Locke, Moutlon, Morrison, and Starey formed a steering committee to address the social welfare needs of the community. On 11 April 1844, at 17 Ampton Street off the Grays Inn Road, they facilitated a public meeting to determine local interest, research feasibility, and establish structure. This was the birth of the Ragged School Union. In 1944, the Union adopted the name "Shaftesbury Society" in honour of the 7th Earl of Shaftesbury. In 2007, the Society was merged with John Grooms, taking the new name of Livability.
Mr Locke of the Ragged School Union called for more help in keeping the schools open. Many petitions for funding and grants were made to Parliament to assist with educational reform. He asked the government to give more thought to preventing crime, rather than punishing the wrongdoers. He said the latter course only made the young criminals worse.In 1840, the Mission used the term "ragged" in its Annual Report to describe their establishment of five schools for 570 children. In the report, the Mission reported that their schools had been formed exclusively for children "raggedly clothed". The children only had very ragged clothes to wear and they rarely had shoes. In other words, they did not own clothing suitable to attend any other kind of school.

Prominent supporters
Several people volunteered and offered their time, skills, and talents as educators and administrators of the ragged schools. Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury was one of Britain's greatest social reformers, whose broad-ranging concerns included education, animal welfare, public health and improving working conditions.
In 1844 Lord Shaftesbury became the president of the ragged schools. He used his knowledge of the schools and refuges and his understanding of the living conditions among low-income families to pursue changes in legislation. He served as the president of the London Ragged School Union for 39 years. In 1944 the Union adopted the name "Shaftesbury Society" in his honour. Shaftesbury maintained his commitment to the Ragged Schools and educational reform until his death in 1885.

In 1843, Charles Dickens began his association with the schools and visited the Field Lane Ragged School. He was appalled by the conditions, yet moved toward reform. The experience inspired him to write A Christmas Carol. While he initially intended to write a pamphlet on the plight of poor children, he realised that a dramatic story would have more impact.

Dickens continued to support the schools, donating funds on various occasions. At one point, he donated funds, along with a water trough, stating that it was "so the boys may wash and for a supervisor"! (from a letter to Field Lane). He later wrote about the school and his experience there in Household Words. In 1837, he used the street called Field Lane as a setting for Fagin's den in his classic novel, Oliver Twist.
Charles Spurgeon and the Metropolitan Tabernacle were also supporters. In May 1875's Sword and Trowel Spurgeon recorded: 

A most interesting and enthusiastic meeting was held in the Lecture Hall of the Metropolitan Tabernacle on Wednesday, the 17th ult., in connection with Richmond Street Ragged and Sunday Schools. After tea, at which about six hundred persons sat down, Mr. Olney took the Chair, and the public meeting was addressed by Dr. Barnardo, J. M. Murphy, andW. Alderson, Mr. Curtis, of the Ragged School Union, and the superintendents, Messrs. Burr and Northcroft. Mr. J. T. Dunn gave a brief sketch of the rise and progress of this good work. The friends heartily responded to an earnest appeal for help to build new schools, and contributed £128 17s. ld. It is proposed to raise another £100 by 23rd of June. The friends have thus raised in a few months over £350, which, with Mr. Spurgeon’s promise of £150, makes £500. At least £300 more is required.

Growth of the organisation
By 1844, there were at least 20 free schools for the poor, maintained through the generosity of community philanthropists, the volunteers working with their local churches, and the organisational support of the London City Mission. During this time, it was suggested that it would be beneficial to establish an official organisation or society to share resources and promote their common cause.
In April 1844 the London Ragged School Union was founded during a meeting of four men to pray for the city's poor children. Starey, the secretary of Field Lane school, was present. There was a massive growth in the numbers of schools, teachers and students. By 1851, the number of educators would grow to include around 1,600 persons. By 1867, some 226 Sunday Ragged Schools, 204 day schools and 207 evening schools provided a free education for about 26,000 students. However, the schools were heavily reliant on volunteers and continually faced problems in finding and keeping staff. Women played an important role as volunteer teachers. A newspaper report on the progress of the schools announced that 'the most valuable teachers in ragged schools are those of the female sex'.The ragged school movement became respectable, even fashionable, attracting the attention of many wealthy philanthropists. Wealthy individuals such as Angela Burdett-Coutts gave large sums of money to the London Ragged School Union. This helped to establish 350 ragged schools by the time the 1870 Education Act was passed. As Eager (1953) explains, "Shaftesbury not only threw into the movement his great and growing influence; he gave what had been a Nonconformist undertaking, the cachet of his Tory churchmanship – an important factor at a time when even broad-minded (Anglican) churchmen thought that Nonconformists should be fairly credited with good intentions, but that cooperation (with them) was undesirable".

Legacy of the ragged schools
The success of the ragged schools definitively demonstrated that there was a demand for education among the poor. In response, England and Wales established school boards to administer elementary schools. However, education was still not free of fees. After 1870 public funding began to be provided for elementary education among working people.
School boards were public bodies created in boroughs and parishes under the Elementary Education Act 1870 following campaigning by George Dixon, Joseph Chamberlain and the National Education League for elementary education that was free from Anglican doctrine. Members to the board were directly elected, not appointed by borough councils or parishes. As the school boards were built and funded, the demand for ragged schools declined. The Board Schools continued in operation for 32 years. They were officially abolished by the Education Act 1902, which replaced them with local education authorities.

Ragged School Museum
Founded in 1990, a Ragged School Museum occupies a group of three canalside buildings on Copperfield Road in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets that once housed the largest ragged school in London; the buildings had previously been used by Dr Thomas Barnardo.
Barnardo arrived in London in 1866, planning to train as a doctor and become a missionary in China. In London, he was confronted by a city where disease was rife, poverty and overcrowding endemic and educational opportunities for the poor nonexistent. He watched helplessly as a cholera epidemic swept through the East End, leaving more than 3,000 Londoners dead and many destitute. He gave up his medical training to pursue his local missionary works and in 1867, opened his first ragged school, where children could gain a free basic education. Ten years later, Barnardo's Copperfield Road School opened its doors to children, and for the next thirty-one years it educated tens of thousands of children. It closed in 1908, by which time enough government schools had opened in the area to serve the needs of local families.
The buildings, originally warehouses for goods transported along the Regent's Canal, then went through a variety of industrial uses until, in the early 1980s, they were threatened with demolition. A group of local people joined together to save them and reclaim their unique heritage. The Ragged School Museum Trust was set up and the museum opened in 1990.
The museum was founded to make the history of the ragged schools and the broader social history of the East End accessible to all. An authentic Victorian classroom has been set up within the original buildings, in which 14,000 children each year experience a school lesson as it would have been taught more than 100 years ago.

See also
Rosenwald Schools, in the United States

References
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Wood, James, ed. (1907). "Ragged school". The Nuttall Encyclopædia. London and New York: Frederick Warne.

External links
"The First Ragged School, Westminster" (oil painting) Birmingham Museums & Art Gallery
In 2007 the Shaftesbury Society merged with John Grooms to form Livability History of Livability
}}Nancy Carillo de la Paz (born January 11, 1986 in Havana) is a volleyball player from Cuba.
She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where she won the bronze medal with the national team in the women's team competition. She participated in the 2006 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.Carrillo was named the Women's Best Server at the 2002 World Championship.

Awards
Individuals
2002 Pan-American Cup "Best Spiker"
2002 Pan-American Cup "Best Server"
2002 World Championship "Best Server"
2003 Pan-American Games "Best Attacker"
2005 FIVB World Grand Prix "Best Blocker"
2005 NORCECA Championship "Best Server"
2006 FIVB World Grand Prix "Best Server"
2007 FIVB World Cup "Best Spiker"
2007 Pan-American Games "Most Valuable Player"
2007 NORCECA Championship "Most Valuable Player"
2007 NORCECA Championship "Best Spiker"
2007 NORCECA Championship "Best Blocker"
2007 Pan-American Cup "Most Valuable Player"
2007 Pan-American Cup "Best Attacker"
2007 Pan-American Cup "Best Server"
2007 Montreux Volley Masters "Most Valuable Player"
2008 Montreux Volley Masters "Best Blocker"
2009 NORCECA Championship "Best Blocker"

Notes
References
Nancy Carrillo at databaseOlympics.com (archived)
FIVB profile
CEV profile"Reunion" is the fifth episode of the third season of American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 41st episode of the series overall. It was written by supervising producer Matt Hubbard and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on December 4, 2008. Guest stars in this episode include Susan Barrett, Marceline Hugot, Robyn Lively, Janel Moloney, Diane Neal, Rip Torn, and Steve Witting.
In the episode, Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) is opposed to going to her high school reunion, but her boss, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), manages to convince her otherwise. Meanwhile, Don Geiss (Rip Torn) wakes up from his coma only to inform Jack of his decision to remain CEO of General Electric (GE). At the same time, Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) and Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) feel threatened by NBC page Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) when he gets more laughs than they do in the elevator.
"Reunion" has received generally positive reception from television critics. According to the Nielsen ratings system, it was watched by 7.2 million households during its original broadcast. Matt Hubbard won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, while Beth McCarthy-Miller received a nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series.

Plot
Liz receives an invitation to her upcoming high school reunion in White Haven, Pennsylvania. She is reluctant to attend as she was a lonely nerd but is persuaded to go by her boss, Jack. Don Geiss wakes up from his diabetic coma and tells Jack he will remain CEO of General Electric (GE). Distraught by the revelation, as Don had chosen Jack as the CEO to run GE, Jack decides to fly to Miami for a vacation, and offers to drop Liz off on the way to her reunion. When they land in White Haven after a major snowstorm, Jack is stranded with her.
Liz goes to the reunion but learns that she was not the quiet, lonely nerd she thought, but the angry bully everyone hated. Jack in search of a drink ends up at the reunion as well, and is mistaken for a former popular student Larry Braverman and still unhappy with Geiss' decision, takes on the persona. Liz tries to regain the friendship of her classmates—Kelsey Whintrop (Robyn Lively), Erin O'Neil (Diane Neal), Rob Sussman (Steve Witting), and Diane (Susan Barrett)—without success. Jack, as Larry Braverman, persuades them to like Liz, until an ex-girlfriend (Janel Moloney) of Larry's reveals he has a son, at which point Jack confesses he is not Larry and Liz and Jack both make a quick escape whilst being booed off stage; Liz happily going back to mistreating her former classmates after they attempt to reenact the pig's blood scene from Carrie on her.
Meanwhile, at the 30 Rock studios, Tracy is shocked when Kenneth gets more laughs than he does in the elevator, compelling him to go to Jenna for help. The same thing happens to Jenna and in retaliation, she starts singing "Wind Beneath My Wings", prompting Kenneth to start singing "99 Bottles of Beer", to which everyone in the elevator joins in. As revenge for upstaging them, Tracy and Jenna start doing his page duties which confuses Kenneth. After Tracy explains what Kenneth was doing, Kenneth feels terrible about it and swears never to upstage them again.

Production
"Reunion" was written by 30 Rock supervising producer Matt Hubbard, making it his fifth writing credit after "The Rural Juror", "Hard Ball", "The Collection", and "MILF Island". The episode was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, making it her fourth for the series. "Reunion" originally aired in the United States on December 4, 2008, on NBC as the fifth episode of the show's third season and the 41st overall episode of the series.Actor Rip Torn made his sixth appearance on the show as GE CEO Don Geiss, after appearing in the episodes "The C Word", "Corporate Crush", "Jack Gets in the Game", "Succession", and "Sandwich Day". This was actress Marceline Hugot's sixth guest spot in the series as Kathy Geiss, the daughter of Don Geiss. St. Cecilia's Catholic Church served as the high school where Liz Lemon attends her high school reunion. In September 2008, it was reported that actresses Blake Lively and Leighton Meester, who star on Gossip Girl, were set to guest star on the show as former high school classmates of Liz's in a flashback sequence, but the appearances fell through. 30 Rock and Gossip Girl are shot next to each other at Silvercup Studios in Queens, New York. Actress Robyn Lively, the half-sister of Blake Lively, guest starred in "Reunion" as Kelsey Winthrop, a former classmate of Liz's.
In this episode, Liz says the line "I want to go to there", twice, which according to series creator, executive producer and lead actress Tina Fey was "coined" by her daughter, Alice. In an interview with the New York Daily News, Jane Krakowski, who portrays Jenna Maroney, revealed "Some of the great catchphrases of 30 Rock have come from Alice. Like, 'I want to go [to] there!' – that's Alice. It's so funny because I hear people say it on the street, and that was [Tina's] daughter!"

Cultural references
Jack, believing that Don Geiss will give him the CEO job, and after learning about Liz's high school reunion, says "I wish I had a Princeton reunion right now. I'd wipe the smug smile off Michelle Obama's face", a reference to Michelle Obama who graduated from Princeton, and to her husband, Barack Obama, who won the 2008 U.S. Presidential Election. At the reunion, Rob Sussman, a past classmate of Liz's, complains that Liz said he was gayer than the volleyball scene in the 1986 action film Top Gun. During the reunion, Liz's former classmates play Seven minutes in heaven, a game in which two people are selected to go into a closet or other dark enclosed space and do whatever they like for seven minutes, often kissing. Later, Liz's classmates plan to "Carrie" her on stage as revenge for her being mean to them, but is stopped by Jack saying "we cannot Carrie Liz Lemon". This is a reference to the 1976 horror film Carrie in which the title character is drenched with pig's blood.

Reception
In its original American broadcast, "Reunion" was watched by 7.2 million households, according to the Nielsen ratings system. It received a 3.4 rating/8 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic, meaning that 3.4 percent of all people in that group, and 8 percent of all people from that group watching television at the time, watched the episode. "Reunion" finished in ninth place in the weekly ratings for the week of December 1–7, 2008. Matt Hubbard won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, while Beth McCarthy-Miller received a nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards. This episode was submitted for consideration on the behalf of Tina Fey for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series at the same awards show, but lost it to actress Toni Collette. Hubbard was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for "Reunion", but lost it in a tie to fellow 30 Rock writer Robert Carlock for the episode "Apollo, Apollo" and Modern Family's Steven Levitan and Christopher Lloyd for the pilot episode.IGN contributor Robert Canning gave the episode an 8.9 rating out of 10 and wrote "...the real reason to watch, as always, was Tina Fey and Alec Baldwin and their fantastic comedic performances." Canning responded favorably to the episode with the exception of the Tracy, Jenna, and Kenneth storyline, calling it "silly". Television columnist Alan Sepinwall for The Star-Ledger wrote that Jack taking on the Larry Braverman persona "gave Baldwin a chance to play a delightfully goofy strain of those occasional glimpses we get of a happy Jack." Like Sepinwall, Bob Sassone of AOL's TV Squad was favorable to Jack going to the reunion, but most enjoyed the character impersonating Larry Braverman, observing it was a "well-used plot device" as Baldwin "made it believable". TV Guide's Matt Mitovich was positive about "Reunion", calling it a "nice" episode. Jeff Labrecque for Entertainment Weekly enjoyed the episode, and said that "Reunion" was the first episode of the season that "I think the show benefited from the refocused attention on its core characters. The reunion plot was so strong, and the Carrie finale so inspired, that I hope the viewership ratings reflect positively and encourage a continuance of this creative trend." The A.V. Club's Nathan Rabin wrote that he was "much more amused" by Rob Sussman's "still-simmering rage" against Liz, because he "scored many of the show's biggest laughs." He said that he found the second plot "a little underwhelming though I thought there was a neat meta-textual element to it", but wrote that it "scored some nice shots at the vapid narcissism of actors but it promised more than it could deliver." Rick Porter of Zap2it said that despite the "super-capital-A-list guest stars" that guest starred at the beginning of the season, "Reunion" got back "to the show's core cast ... [and] the show gave us probably the best episode of the season." Time contributor James Poniewozik opined that this episode was "pretty good" and "funny in most of the usual 30 Rock ways."Not all reviews were positive. Jeremy Medina of Paste wrote that "Reunion" was "essentially unremarkable (especially in its portrayal of Liz)". Medina disliked that Tina Fey's Liz was portrayed in "unlikable light", and after insulting her former classmates at the high school reunion it "seemed a bit uncharacteristic and unflattering to her character."

References
External links
"Reunion" at IMDbLepidophyma occulor,  the Japlan tropical night lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Xantusiidae. It is a small lizard found in Mexico.


Ramal da Mina da Nogueirinha is a closed railway branch in Portugal, which connected the station of Casa Branca, on the current Linha do Alentejo, to the Nogueirinha mine.

See also
List of railway lines in Portugal
History of rail transport in Portugal


Vernon Anthony "Touchdown Tony" Baker (February 16, 1945 – August 9, 1998) was an American football running back in the National Football League (NFL). He played from 1968 to 1975, and played for the New Orleans Saints, the Philadelphia Eagles, the Los Angeles Rams, and finally, the San Diego Chargers, and had one Pro Bowl appearance, in 1969.

Football career
Baker graduated from Burlington Community High School in 1963, earning a scholarship to Iowa State University the following year, where he would graduate in 1966. He then played semi-pro ball for a season and a half with the Des Moines Warriors of the Professional Football League of America, before being discovered by a talent scout for the New Orleans Saints. He would sign a contract with the Saints, and begin his NFL career the following year, making an appearance in the Pro Bowl in his second season. It was during this rookie season that sports broadcaster Howard Cosell gave him the nickname Touchdown Tony.  He would end his career in 1975, playing with the San Diego Chargers as a backup.

Death
On August 10, 1998, Baker was killed in a car accident on U.S. Route 61, approximately 15 miles (24 km) north of Burlington, Iowa following a high school class reunion. He was buried in Aspen Grove Cemetery in Burlington, next to his mother, with many of his old NFL teammates in attendance. His burial plot was chosen by his family with two trees in the distance appearing as though they were goalpost uprights. A misprint on his headstone has him named Vernon G. Baker, instead of Vernon A. Baker.


Liam Michael Feeney-Howard (born 21 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scunthorpe United.

Career
Early career
Feeney joined League One side Southend United on loan until 3 January 2009 in November 2008. He made his debut after coming on as an 80th-minute substitute in a 3–0 defeat to Leicester City on 6 December. He signed for AFC Bournemouth on 2 February for an undisclosed fee.Feeney scored his first goal for Bournemouth during a 4–0 win over Rochdale.

Millwall
Feeney made his Millwall debut on 11 September 2011 against Birmingham City. After three years with the club, he was released on 10 May 2014.

Loans
On 27 September 2013 Feeney joined Millwall's divisional rivals Bolton Wanderers on a three-month loan deal.He made his debut, as a substitute for Lee Chung-Yong, the following day in a 1–1 draw against Yeovil Town at the Reebok Stadium.Millwall exercised their right to activate a 28-day recall clause due to injuries in their squad, meaning an earlier-than-expected return to The Den. He later joined Blackburn Rovers on loan in March.

Bolton Wanderers
On 19 May 2014, Bolton Wanderers announced that Feeney would rejoin the club on a permanent deal once his Millwall contract had expired. He made his second debut on the opening day of the new season in a 3–0 loss to Watford and scored his first goals for Bolton on 4 November, scoring twice in a 3–0 home win against Cardiff City. At the end of the 2015–16 season, the club confirmed that he would be leaving when his contract expired at the end of June.

Ipswich Town (loan)
On 17 March 2016, Feeney signed for Ipswich Town on loan. He made his Blues' debut against Rotherham United, after coming on as a second-half substitute.

Blackburn Rovers
On 25 June 2016, Feeney re-signed for Blackburn Rovers; whom he was previously on loan to, on a two-year deal, with an option of a third year.On 31 August 2017, Feeney joined Championship side Cardiff City on loan until 1 January 2018. He made his debut at Fulham on 9 September, coming on to set up Danny Ward for the equaliser in a 1–1 draw.He was released by Blackburn at the end of the 2017–18 season.

Blackpool
On 23 August 2018, Feeney signed for Blackpool on an initial two-year contract. He was given a starting debut in their 2–0 victory over Bristol Rovers at Bloomfield Road.Feeney scored his first goal for Blackpool in his 66th game for the club. It came in a 3–1 victory over Fleetwood Town at Bloomfield Road on 7 December 2019. It was also his first goal since 7 January 2017, for Blackburn.

Tranmere Rovers
On 17 September 2020, Feeney joined League Two side Tranmere Rovers on a season-long loan deal. Feeney featured in both of Tranmere's play-off matches at the end of the season as they were defeated at the semi-final stage by Morecambe. Following this unsuccessful end to the season, Feeney joined the club on a permanent deal in June 2021 on a one-year deal.

Scunthorpe United
On 26 January 2022, Feeney had his Tranmere contract terminated by mutual consent in order to join Scunthorpe United on a free transfer.

Career statistics
As of match played on 11 January 2022

Honours
Cardiff City

EFL Championship runner-up: 2017–18Tranmere Rovers

EFL Trophy runner-up: 2020–21

References
External links
Liam Feeney at SoccerbaseThe Great Purge or the Great Terror (Russian: Большой террор), also known as the Year of '37 (37-ой год, Tridtsat sedmoi god) and the Yezhovshchina ('period of Yezhov'), was Soviet General Secretary Joseph Stalin's campaign to solidify his power over the party and nation; the purges were also designed to remove the remaining influence of Leon Trotsky as well as other political rivals within the party. It occurred from August 1936 to March 1938.Following the death of Vladimir Lenin in 1924 a power vacuum opened in the Communist Party. Various established figures in Lenin's government attempted to succeed him. Joseph Stalin, the party's General Secretary, would outmaneuver political opponents and ultimately gain control of the Communist Party by 1928. Initially Stalin's leadership was widely accepted, and the doctrine Socialism in One Country became enshrined party policy. However, by the early 1930s party officials began losing faith in his leadership following the disasters of collectivization and the limited success of the First Five-Year Plan. These policy failures led to Stalin's rivals such as Leon Trotsky attempting to sway the party away from Stalin's command.
In this atmosphere of doubt and suspicion, a popular high-ranking official, Sergei Kirov, was assassinated in 1934. His death spearheaded an investigation that revealed a network of party members working against Stalin including several of Stalin's rivals. Many of those arrested in Kirov's assassination had also confessed plans to kill Stalin himself, including high-ranking party officials. Historians doubt the validity of these claims; nonetheless, they do agree that Kirov's death was the flashpoint where Stalin would take action and begin the purges.By 1936 Stalin's paranoia reached a crescendo. The fear of losing his position, the potential return of Trotsky, and the rising threat of fascism from the west, goaded him into authorizing the Great Purge. The purges themselves were largely conducted by the NKVD (People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs), the secret police of the USSR. The initial stages of the purges were targeted at the Soviet government itself. The NKVD began the removal of the central party leadership, Old Bolsheviks, government officials, and regional party bosses. Eventually the purges were expanded to the Red Army and military high command which would have a disastrous effect on the military altogether. As the scope of the purge began widening, the omnipresent suspicion of saboteurs and counter-revolutionaries began impacting civilian life. The NKVD began targeting certain ethnic minorities such as the Volga Germans, who were subjected to forced deportation and extreme repression. During the purge, the NKVD widely utilized imprisonment, torture, violent interrogation, and arbitrary executions to solidify control over civilians.In 1938 Stalin reversed his stance on the purges and declared that the internal enemies had been removed. Stalin criticized the NKVD for carrying out mass executions and subsequently executed Genrikh Yagoda and Nikolay Yezhov who headed the NKVD during the purge years. Despite the Great Purge being over, the atmosphere of mistrust and widespread surveillance continued for decades after.  Scholars estimate the death toll for the Great Purge (1936–1938) to be roughly 700,000. The term great purge itself was popularized by the historian Robert Conquest in his 1968 book The Great Terror. Conquest's title itself was an allusion to the period from the French Revolution known as the Reign of Terror.

Introduction
The term repression was officially used by the leader of the Soviet Union at the time, Soviet general secretary Joseph Stalin, to describe the prosecution of people considered counter-revolutionaries and enemies of the people. Historians debate the causes of the purge, such as Stalin's paranoia, or his desire to remove dissenters from the Communist Party or to consolidate his authority. The purges began in the Red Army, and the techniques developed there were quickly adapted to purges in other sectors. Most public attention was focused on the purge of certain parts of the leadership of the Communist Party, as well as of government bureaucrats and leaders of the armed forces, most of whom were Party members. The campaigns also affected many other categories of the society: intelligentsia, peasants—especially those lending out money or wealth (kulaks)—and professionals.A series of NKVD operations affected a number of national minorities, accused of being "fifth-column" communities. A number of purges were officially explained as an elimination of the possibilities of sabotage and espionage by the Polish Military Organisation and, consequently, many victims of the purge were ordinary Soviet citizens of Polish origin.
According to Nikita Khrushchev's 1956 speech, "On the Cult of Personality and Its Consequences", and to historian Robert Conquest, a great number of accusations, notably those presented at the Moscow show trials, were based on forced confessions, often obtained through torture, and on loose interpretations of Article 58 of the RSFSR Penal Code, which dealt with counter-revolutionary crimes. Due legal process, as defined by Soviet law in force at the time, was often largely replaced with summary proceedings by NKVD troikas.Hundreds of thousands of victims were accused of various political crimes (espionage, wrecking, sabotage, anti-Soviet agitation, conspiracies to prepare uprisings and coups). They were quickly executed by shooting or sent to the Gulag labor camps. Many died at the penal labor camps of starvation, disease, exposure, and overwork. Other methods of dispatching victims were used on an experimental basis. In Moscow, the use of gas vans to kill the victims during their transportation to the Butovo firing range has been documented.The Great Purge began under NKVD chief Genrikh Yagoda but reached its peak between September 1936 and August 1938 under the leadership of Nikolai Yezhov, hence the name Yezhovshchina. The campaigns were carried out according to the general line of the party, often by direct orders of the politburo headed by Stalin.

Background
From 1930 onwards, the Party and police officials feared the "social disorder" caused by the upheavals of forced collectivization of peasants and the resulting famine of 1932–1933, as well as the massive and uncontrolled migration of millions of peasants into cities. The threat of war heightened Stalin's and generally Soviet perception of marginal and politically suspect populations as the potential source of an uprising in case of invasion. Forged documents and misinformation spread by Nazi Germany in order to incriminate innocent Soviet citizens also contributed to this perception. Stalin began to plan for the preventive elimination of such potential recruits for a mythical "fifth column of wreckers, terrorists and spies."

The term "purge" in Soviet political slang was an abbreviation of the expression purge of the Party ranks. In 1933, for example, the Party expelled some 400,000 people. But from 1936 until 1953, the term changed its meaning, because being expelled from the Party came to mean almost certain arrest, imprisonment, and often execution.
According to an October 1993 study published in The American Historical Review, much of the Great Purge was directed against the widespread banditry and criminal activity which was occurring in the Soviet Union at the time. The political purge was primarily an effort by Stalin to eliminate challenge from past and potential opposition groups, including the left and right wings led by Leon Trotsky and Nikolai Bukharin, respectively. Following the Civil War and reconstruction of the Soviet economy in the late 1920s, veteran Bolsheviks no longer thought necessary the "temporary" wartime dictatorship, which had passed from Lenin to Stalin. Stalin's opponents inside the Communist Party chided him as undemocratic and lax on bureaucratic corruption. This opposition to current leadership may have accumulated substantial support among the working class by attacking the privileges and luxuries the state offered to its high-paid elite. The Ryutin Affair seemed to vindicate Stalin's suspicions. Ryutin was working with the even larger secret Opposition Bloc in which Leon Trotsky and Grigori Zinoviev participated, and which later led to both of their deaths. Stalin enforced a ban on party factions and banned those party members who had opposed him, effectively ending democratic centralism.
In the new form of Party organization, the Politburo, and Stalin in particular, were the sole dispensers of ideology. This required the elimination of all Marxists with different views, especially those among the prestigious "old guard" of revolutionaries. As the purges began, the government (through the NKVD) shot Bolshevik heroes, including Mikhail Tukhachevsky and Béla Kun, as well as the majority of Lenin's Politburo, for disagreements in policy. The NKVD attacked the supporters, friends, and family of these "heretical" Marxists, whether they lived in Russia or not. The NKVD nearly annihilated Trotsky's family before killing him in Mexico; the NKVD agent Ramón Mercader was part of an assassination task force put together by Special Agent Pavel Sudoplatov, under the personal orders of Stalin.

In 1934, Stalin used the murder of Sergey Kirov as a pretext to launch the Great Purge, in which about a million people perished (see § Number of people executed). Some later historians came to believe that Stalin arranged the murder, or at least that there was sufficient evidence to reach such a conclusion. Kirov was a staunch Stalin loyalist, but Stalin may have viewed him as a potential rival because of his emerging popularity among the moderates. The 1934 Party Congress elected Kirov to the central committee with only three votes against, the fewest of any candidate, while Stalin received 292 votes against. After Kirov's assassination, the NKVD charged the ever-growing group of former oppositionists with Kirov's murder as well as a growing list of other offences, including treason, terrorism, sabotage, and espionage.
Another justification for the purge was to remove any possible "fifth column" in case of a war. Vyacheslav Molotov and Lazar Kaganovich, participants in the repression as members of the Politburo, maintained this justification throughout the purge; they each signed many death lists. Stalin believed war was imminent, threatened both by an explicitly hostile Germany and an expansionist Japan. The Soviet press portrayed the country as threatened from within by fascist spies.From the October Revolution onward, Lenin had used repression against perceived enemies of the Bolsheviks as a systematic method of instilling fear and facilitating social control, especially during the campaign commonly referred to as the Red Terror. This policy continued and intensified under Stalin, periods of heightened repression including the deportation of kulaks who opposed collectivization, and a severe famine in Ukraine. Lev Kopelev wrote, "In Ukraine 1937 began in 1933," referring to the comparatively early beginning of the Soviet crackdown in Ukraine.: 418  A distinctive feature of the Great Purge was that, for the first time, members of the ruling party were included on a massive scale as victims of the repression. Due to the scale of the terror, the substantial victims of the purges were Communist Party members and office-holders. The purge of the Party was accompanied by the purge of the whole society. The following events are used for the demarcation of the period.

1936, the first Moscow Trial.
1937, introduction of NKVD troikas for implementation of "revolutionary justice."
1937, passage of Article 58-14 about "counter-revolutionary sabotage."

Moscow Trials
First and Second Moscow Trials
Between 1936 and 1938, three very large Moscow Trials of former senior Communist Party leaders were held, in which they were accused of conspiring with fascist and capitalist powers to assassinate Stalin and other Soviet leaders, dismember the Soviet Union and restore capitalism. These trials were highly publicized and extensively covered by the outside world, which was mesmerized by the spectacle of Lenin's closest associates confessing to most outrageous crimes and begging for death sentences.
The first trial was of 16 members of the so-called "Trotskyite-Kamenevite-Zinovievite-Leftist-Counter-Revolutionary Bloc," held in August 1936, at which the chief defendants were Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev, two of the most prominent former party leaders, who had indeed been members of a Conspiratorial Bloc that opposed Stalin, although its activities were exaggerated. Among other accusations, they were incriminated with the assassination of Kirov and plotting to kill Stalin. After confessing to the charges, all were sentenced to death and executed.
The second trial in January 1937 involved 17 lesser figures known as the "anti-Soviet Trotskyite-centre" which included Karl Radek, Yuri Piatakov and Grigory Sokolnikov, and were accused of plotting with Trotsky, who was said to be conspiring with Germany. Thirteen of the defendants were eventually executed by shooting. The rest received sentences in labor camps where they soon died.
There was also a secret trial before a military tribunal of a group of Red Army commanders, including Mikhail Tukhachevsky, in June 1937.
Some Western observers who attended the trials said that they were fair and that the guilt of the accused had been established. They based this assessment on the confessions of the accused, which were freely given in open court, without any apparent evidence that they had been extracted by torture or drugging. The British lawyer and Member of Parliament D.N. Pritt, for example, wrote: "Once again the more faint-hearted socialists are beset with doubts and anxieties," but "once again we can feel confident that when the smoke has rolled away from the battlefield of controversy it will be realized that the charge was true, the confessions correct and the prosecution fairly conducted."It is now known that the confessions were given only after great psychological pressure and torture had been applied to the defendants. From the accounts of former OGPU officer Alexander Orlov and others, the methods used to extract the confessions are known: such tortures as repeated beatings, simulated drownings, making prisoners stand or go without sleep for days on end, and threats to arrest and execute the prisoners' families. For example, Kamenev's teenage son was arrested and charged with terrorism. After months of such interrogation, the defendants were driven to despair and exhaustion.Zinoviev and Kamenev demanded, as a condition for "confessing", a direct guarantee from the Politburo that their lives and that of their families and followers would be spared. This offer was accepted, but when they were taken to the alleged Politburo meeting, only Stalin, Kliment Voroshilov, and Yezhov were present. Stalin claimed that they were the "commission" authorized by the Politburo and gave assurances that death sentences would not be carried out. After the trial, Stalin not only broke his promise to spare the defendants, he had most of their relatives arrested and shot.

Dewey Commission
In May 1937, the Commission of Inquiry into the Charges Made against Leon Trotsky in the Moscow Trials, commonly known as the Dewey Commission, was set up in the United States by supporters of Trotsky, to establish the truth about the trials. The commission was headed by the noted American philosopher and educator John Dewey. Although the hearings were obviously conducted with a view to proving Trotsky's innocence, they brought to light evidence which established that some of the specific charges made at the trials could not be true.For example, Georgy Pyatakov testified that he had flown to Oslo in December 1935 to "receive terrorist instructions" from Trotsky. The Dewey Commission established that no such flight had taken place. Another defendant, Ivan Smirnov, confessed to taking part in the assassination of Sergei Kirov in December 1934, at a time when he had already been in prison for a year.

The Dewey Commission later published its findings in a 422-page book titled Not Guilty. Its conclusions asserted the innocence of all those condemned in the Moscow Trials. In its summary, the commission wroteIndependent of extrinsic evidence, the Commission finds:
That the conduct of the Moscow Trials was such as to convince any unprejudiced person that no attempt was made to ascertain the truth.
That while confessions are necessarily entitled to the most serious consideration, the confessions themselves contain such inherent improbabilities as to convince the Commission that they do not represent the truth, irrespective of any means used to obtain them.
That Trotsky never instructed any of the accused or witnesses in the Moscow trials to enter into agreements with foreign powers against the Soviet Union [and] that Trotsky never recommended, plotted, or attempted the restoration of capitalism in the USSR.
The commission concluded: "We therefore find the Moscow Trials to be frame-ups."

Implication of the Rightists
In the second trial, Karl Radek testified that there was a "third organization separate from the cadres which had passed through [Trotsky's] school," as well as "semi-Trotskyites, quarter-Trotskyites, one-eighth-Trotskyites, people who helped us, not knowing of the terrorist organization but sympathizing with us, people who from liberalism, from a Fronde against the Party, gave us this help."By the "third organization," he meant the last remaining former opposition group called the Rightists, led by Bukharin, whom he implicated by saying:

I feel guilty of one thing more: even after admitting my guilt and exposing the organisation, I stubbornly refused to give evidence about Bukharin. I knew that Bukharin's situation was just as hopeless as my own, because our guilt, if not juridically, then in essence, was the same. But we are close friends, and intellectual friendship is stronger than other friendships. I knew that Bukharin was in the same state of upheaval as myself. That is why I did not want to deliver him bound hand and foot to the People's Commissariat of Home Affairs. Just as in relation to our other cadres, I wanted Bukharin himself to lay down his arms.

Third Moscow Trial
The third and final trial, in March 1938, known as The Trial of the Twenty-One, is the most famous of the Soviet show trials, because of persons involved and the scope of charges which tied together all loose threads from earlier trials. Meant to be the culmination of previous trials, it included 21 defendants alleged to belong to the "Bloc of Rightists and Trotskyites", supposedly led by Nikolai Bukharin, the former chairman of the Communist International, former premier Alexei Rykov, Christian Rakovsky, Nikolai Krestinsky and Genrikh Yagoda, recently disgraced head of the NKVD. Although an Opposition Bloc led by Trotsky and with zinovievites really existed, Pierre Broué asserts that Bukharin was not involved. Differently from Broué, one of his former allies, Jules Humbert-Droz, said in his memoirs that Bukharin told him that he formed a secret bloc with Zinoviev and Kamenev in order to remove Stalin from leadership.The fact that Yagoda was one of the accused showed the speed at which the purges were consuming their own. It was now alleged that Bukharin and others sought to assassinate Lenin and Stalin from 1918, murder Maxim Gorky by poison, partition the U.S.S.R and hand her territories to Germany, Japan, and Great Britain, and other preposterous charges.Even previously sympathetic observers who had accepted the earlier trials found it harder to swallow these new allegations as they became ever more absurd, and the purge expanded to include almost every living Old Bolshevik leader except Stalin and Kalinin. No other crime of the Stalin years so captivated Western intellectuals as the trial and execution of Bukharin, who was a Marxist theorist of international standing. For some prominent communists such as Bertram Wolfe, Jay Lovestone, Arthur Koestler, and Heinrich Brandler, the Bukharin trial marked their final break with communism, and even turned the first three into fervent anti-Communists eventually. To them, Bukharin's confession symbolized the
depredations of communism, which not only destroyed its sons but also conscripted them in self-destruction and individual abnegation.

Bukharin's confession
On the first day of trial, Krestinsky caused a sensation when he repudiated his written confession and pleaded not guilty to all the charges. However, he changed his plea the next day after "special measures", which dislocated his left shoulder among other things.Anastas Mikoyan and Vyacheslav Molotov later claimed that Bukharin was never tortured, but it is now known that his interrogators were given the order "beating permitted", and were under great pressure to extract confession out of the "star" defendant. Bukharin initially held out for three months, but threats to his young wife and infant son, combined with "methods of physical influence" wore him down. But when he read his confession amended and corrected personally by Stalin, he withdrew his whole confession. The examination started all over again, with a double team of interrogators.Bukharin's confession in particular became subject of much debate among Western observers, inspiring Koestler's acclaimed novel Darkness at Noon and philosophical essay by Maurice Merleau-Ponty in Humanism and Terror. His confessions were somewhat different from others in that while he pleaded guilty to "sum total of crimes", he denied knowledge when it came to specific crimes. Some astute observers noted that he would allow only what was in written confession and refuse to go any further.
The result was a curious mix of fulsome confessions (of being a "degenerate fascist" working for "restoration of capitalism") and subtle criticisms of the trial. After disproving several charges against him, one observer noted that Bukharin "proceeded to demolish or rather showed he could very easily demolish the whole case." He continued by saying that "the confession of the accused is not essential. The confession of the accused is a medieval principle of jurisprudence" in a trial that was solely based on confessions. He finished his last plea with the words:[T]he monstrousness of my crime is immeasurable especially in the new stage of struggle of the U.S.S.R. May this trial be the last severe lesson, and may the great might of the U.S.S.R. become clear to all.Romain Rolland and others wrote to Stalin seeking clemency for Bukharin, but all the leading defendants were executed except Rakovsky and two others (who were killed in NKVD prisoner massacres in 1941). Despite the promise to spare his family, Bukharin's wife, Anna Larina, was sent to a labor camp, but she survived to see her husband posthumously rehabilitated a half-century later by the Soviet state under Mikhail Gorbachev in 1988.

"Ex-kulaks" and other "anti-Soviet elements"
On 2 July 1937, in a top secret order to regional Party and NKVD chiefs Stalin instructed them to produce the estimated number of "kulaks" and "criminals" in their districts. These individuals were to be arrested and executed, or sent to the gulag camps. The party chiefs complied and produced these lists within days, with figures which roughly corresponded to the individuals who were already under secret police surveillance.On 30 July 1937 the NKVD Order no. 00447 was issued, directed against "ex-kulaks" and other "anti-Soviet elements" (such as former officials of the Tsarist regime, former members of political parties other than the communist party, etc.). They were to be executed or sent to Gulag prison camps extrajudicially, under the decisions of NKVD troikas.
The following categories appear to have been on index-cards, catalogues of suspects assembled over the years by the NKVD and were systematically tracked down: "ex-kulaks" previously deported to "special settlements" in inhospitable parts of the country (Siberia, Urals, Kazakhstan, Far North), former tsarist civil servants, former officers of the White Army, participants in peasant rebellions, members of the clergy, persons deprived of voting rights, former members of non-Bolshevik parties, ordinary criminals, like thieves, known to the police and various other "socially harmful elements". However, a large number of people were arrested at random in sweeps, on the basis of denunciations or because they were related to, friends with or knew people already arrested. Engineers, peasants, railwaymen, and other types of workers were arrested during the "Kulak Operation" based on the fact that they worked for or near important strategic sites and factories where work accidents had occurred due to "frantic rhythms and plans". During this period the NKVD reopened these cases and relabeled them as "sabotage" or "wrecking."

The Orthodox clergy, including active parishioners, was nearly annihilated: 85% of the 35,000 members of the clergy were arrested. Particularly vulnerable to repression were also the so-called "special settlers" (spetzpereselentsy) who were under permanent police surveillance and constituted a huge pool of potential "enemies" to draw on. At least 100,000 of them were arrested in the course of the Great Terror.Common criminals such as thieves, "violators of the passport regime", etc. were also dealt with in a summary way. In Moscow, for example, nearly one third of the 20,765 persons executed on the Butovo firing range were charged with a non-political criminal offence.To carry out the mass arrests, the 25,000 officers of the State Security personnel of NKVD were complemented with units of ordinary police, and Komsomol (Young Communist League) and civilian Communist Party members. Seeking to fulfill the quotas, the police rounded up people in markets and train stations, with the purpose of arresting "social outcasts". Local units of the NKVD, in order to meet their "casework minimums" and force confessions out of arrestees worked long uninterrupted shifts during which they interrogated, tortured and beat the prisoners. In many cases those arrested were forced to sign blank pages which were later filled in with a fabricated confession by the interrogators.After the interrogations the files were submitted to NKVD troikas, which pronounced the verdicts in the absence of the accused. During a half-day-long session a troika went through several hundred cases, delivering either a death sentence or a sentence to the Gulag labor camps. Death sentences were immediately enforceable. The executions were carried out at night, either in prisons or in secluded areas run by the NKVD and located as a rule on the outskirts of major cities.The "Kulak Operation" was the largest single campaign of repression in 1937–38, with 669,929 people arrested and 376,202 executed, more than half the total of known executions.

Campaigns targeting nationalities
A series of mass operations of the NKVD was carried out from 1937 through 1938 until the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939 targeting specific nationalities within the Soviet Union, based on NKVD directives against the so-called diversionist element, according to the notion of the "hostile capitalist surrounding" as defined by Nikolai Yezhov.The Polish operation of the NKVD was the largest of this kind. The Polish operation claimed the largest number of the NKVD victims: 143,810 arrests and 111,091 executions according to records. Snyder estimates that at least eighty-five thousand of them were ethnic Poles. The remainder were 'suspected' of being Polish, without further inquiry. Poles comprised 12.5% of those who were killed during the Great Terror, while comprising only 0.4% of the population. Overall, national minorities targeted in these campaigns composed 36% of the victims of the Great Purge, despite being only 1.6% of the Soviet Union's population; 74% of ethnic minorities arrested during the Great Purge were executed while those sentenced during the Kulak Operation only had a 50% chance of being executed, (though this may have been due to the Gulag camp's lack of space in the late stages of The Purge rather than deliberate discrimination in sentencing.).The wives and children of those arrested and executed were dealt with by the NKVD Order No. 00486. The women were sentenced to forced labour for 5 or 10 years. Their minor children were put in orphanages. All possessions were confiscated. Extended families were purposely left with nothing to live on, which usually sealed their fate as well, affecting up to 200,000–250,000 people of Polish background depending on the size of their families.
The NKVD national operations were conducted on a quota system using album procedure. The officials were mandated to arrest and execute a specific number of so-called "counter-revolutionaries", compiled by administration using various statistics but also telephone books with names sounding non-Russian.The Polish Operation of the NKVD served as a model for a series of similar NKVD secret decrees targeting a number of the Soviet Union's diaspora nationalities: the Finnish, Latvian, Estonian, Bulgarian, Afghan, Iranian, Greek, and Chinese. Of the operations against national minorities, it was the largest one, second only to the "Kulak Operation" in terms of the number of victims. According to Timothy Snyder, ethnic Poles constituted the largest group of victims in the Great Terror, comprising less than 0.5% of the country's population but comprising 12.5% of those executed. Timothy Snyder attributes 300,000 deaths during the Great Purge to "national terror" including ethnic minorities and Ukrainian Kulaks who survived the early 1930s. Concerning diaspora minorities, the vast majority of whom were Soviet citizens and whose ancestors had resided for decades and sometimes centuries in the Soviet Union and Russian Empire, "this designation absolutized their cross-border ethnicities as the only salient aspect of their identity, sufficient proof of their disloyalty and sufficient justification for their arrest and execution" (Martin, 2001: 338). Some scholars have called the National Operations of the NKVD genocidal. Norman Naimark called Stalin's policy towards Poles in the 1930s "genocidal;" however he doesn't consider the Great Purge entirely genocidal because it also targeted political opponents. Most scholars, however, focus on the security dilemma in the border areas suggesting the need to secure the ethnic integrity of Soviet space vis-à-vis neighboring capitalistic enemy states. They stress the role of international relations and believe that representatives of these minorities were killed not because of their ethnicity, but because of their possible relations to countries hostile to the USSR and fear of disloyalty in the case of an invasion. Nevertheless, little proof exists to suggest that Russia's and Stalin's alleged prejudices played a central causal role in the Great Purge.

Purge of the army
The purge of the Red Army and Military Maritime Fleet removed three of five marshals (then equivalent to four-star generals), 13 of 15 army commanders (then equivalent to three-star generals), eight of nine admirals (the purge fell heavily on the Navy, who were suspected of exploiting their opportunities for foreign contacts), 50 of 57 army corps commanders, 154 out of 186 division commanders, 16 of 16 army commissars, and 25 of 28 army corps commissars.At first, it was thought 25–50% of Red Army officers had been purged; the true figure is now known to be in the area of 3.7–7.7%. This discrepancy was the result of a systematic underestimation of the true size of the Red Army officer corps, and it was overlooked that most of those purged were merely expelled from the Party. Thirty percent of officers purged in 1937–1939 were allowed to return to service.The purge of the army was claimed to be supported by German-forged documents (said to have been correspondence between Marshal Tukhachevsky and members of the German high command). The claim is unsupported by facts, as by the time the documents were supposedly created, two people from the eight in the Tukhachevsky group were already imprisoned, and by the time the document was said to reach Stalin the purging process was already underway.  However the actual evidence introduced at trial was obtained from forced confessions.

Wider purge
Eventually almost all of the Bolsheviks who had played prominent roles during the Russian Revolution of 1917, or in Lenin's Soviet government, were executed. Out of six members of the original Politburo during the 1917 October Revolution who lived until the Great Purge, Stalin himself was the only one who remained in the Soviet Union, alive. Four of the other five were executed; the fifth, Leon Trotsky, had been forced into exile outside the Soviet Union in 1929, but was assassinated in Mexico by Soviet agent Ramón Mercader in 1940. Of the seven members elected to the Politburo between the October Revolution and Lenin's death in 1924, four were executed, one (Tomsky) committed suicide, and two (Molotov and Kalinin) lived.While being the most visible part, the trials and executions of the former Bolshevik leaders were only a minor aspect of the purges. A series of documents discovered in the Central Committee archives in 1992 by Vladimir Bukovsky demonstrate that there were limits for arrests and executions as for all other activities in the planned economy.The victims were convicted in absentia and in camera by extrajudicial organs—the NKVD troikas sentenced indigenous "enemies" under NKVD Order no. 00447 and the two-man dvoiki (NKVD Commissar Nikolai Yezhov and Main State Prosecutor Andrey Vyshinsky, or their deputies) those arrested along national lines. A characteristic of all the mass operations of the NKVD was flexibility: first, the numbers—the so-called limit—could be easily increased; second, it was left entirely to the NKVD officers whether a particular prisoner was to be shot or sent to the prison camps; third, the time-limits set for the completion of single operations were extended time and again.The victims were executed at night, either in prisons, in the cellars of NKVD headquarters, or in a secluded area, usually a forest. The NKVD officers shot prisoners in the head using pistols.

Intelligentsia
In the 1920s and 1930s, 2,000 writers, intellectuals, and artists were imprisoned and 1,500 died in prisons and concentration camps. After sunspot development research was judged un-Marxist, twenty-seven astronomers disappeared between 1936 and 1938. The Meteorological Office was violently purged as early as 1933 for failing to predict weather harmful to the crops. However, the toll was especially high among writers. Those who perished during the Great Purge include:

Western émigré victims
Victims of the terror included American immigrants to the Soviet Union who had emigrated at the height of the Great Depression to find work. At the height of the Terror, American immigrants besieged the US embassy, begging for passports so they could leave the Soviet Union. They were turned away by embassy officials, only to be arrested on the pavement outside by lurking NKVD agents. Many were subsequently shot dead at Butovo firing range. In addition, 141 American Communists of Finnish origin were executed and buried at Sandarmokh.
127 Finnish Canadians were also shot and buried there.

Executions of Gulag inmates
Political prisoners already serving a sentence in the Gulag camps were also executed in large numbers. NKVD Order no. 00447 also targeted "the most vicious and stubborn anti-Soviet elements in camps", they were all "to be put into the first category" – that is, shot. NKVD Order no. 00447 decreed 10,000 executions for this contingent, but at least three times more were shot in the course of the secret mass operation, the majority in March–April 1938.

Mongolian Great Purge
During the late 1930s, Stalin dispatched NKVD operatives to the Mongolian People's Republic, established a Mongolian version of the NKVD troika, and proceeded to execute tens of thousands of people accused of having ties to "pro-Japanese spy rings". Buddhist lamas made up the majority of victims, with 18,000 being killed in the terror. Other victims were nobility and political and academic figures, along with some ordinary workers and herders. Mass graves containing hundreds of executed Buddhist monks and civilians have been discovered as recently as 2003.

Xinjiang Great Purge
The pro-Soviet leader Sheng Shicai of Xinjiang province in China launched his own purge in 1937 to coincide with Stalin's Great Purge. The Xinjiang War (1937) broke out amid the purge. Sheng received assistance from the NKVD. Sheng and the Soviets alleged a massive Trotskyist conspiracy and a "Fascist Trotskyite plot" to destroy the Soviet Union. The Soviet Consul General Garegin Apresoff, General Ma Hushan, Ma Shaowu, Mahmud Sijan, the official leader of the Xinjiang province Huang Han-chang and Hoja-Niyaz were among the 435 alleged conspirators in the plot. Xinjiang came under virtual Soviet control.

Timeline
The Great Purge of 1936–1938 can be roughly divided into four periods:
October 1936 – February 1937
Reforming the security organizations, adopting official plans on purging the elites.
March 1937 – June 1937
Purging the elites; adopting plans for the mass repressions against the "social base" of the potential aggressors, starting of purging the "elites" from opposition.
July 1937 – October 1938
Mass repressions against "kulaks", "dangerous" ethnic minorities, family members of oppositionists, military officers, saboteurs in agriculture and industry.
November 1938 – 1939
Stopping of mass operations, abolishing of many organs of extrajudicial executions, repressions against some organizers of mass repressions.

End
In the summer of 1938, Yezhov was relieved from his post as head of the NKVD and was eventually tried and executed. Lavrentiy Beria succeeded him as head of NKVD. On 17 November 1938 a joint decree of Sovnarkom USSR and Central Committee of VKP(b) (Decree about Arrests, Prosecutor Supervision and Course of Investigation) and the subsequent order of NKVD undersigned by Beria, cancelled most of the NKVD orders of systematic repression and suspended implementation of death sentences. The decree signaled the end of massive Soviet purges. When Yezhov was executed, Stalin claimed in a private conversation with Aleksandr Yakovlev, that it was because he had killed a lot of innocent people.Michael Parrish argues that while the Great Terror ended in 1938, a lesser terror continued in the 1940s. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (a Soviet Army officer who became a prisoner for a decade in the Gulag system) presents in The Gulag Archipelago the most holistic view of the timeline of all the Leninist and Stalinist purges (1918–1956), in which the 1936–1938 purge may have been simply the one that got the most attention from people in a position to record its magnitude for posterity—the intelligentsia—by directly targeting them, whereas several other waves of the ongoing flow of purges, such as the First five-year plan of 1928–1933's collectivization and dekulakization, were just as huge and just as devoid of justice but were more successfully swallowed into oblivion in the popular memory of the (surviving) Soviet public.In some cases, high military command arrested under Yezhov were later executed under Beria. Some examples include Marshal of the Soviet Union Alexander Yegorov, arrested in April 1938 and shot (or died from torture) in February 1939 (his wife, G. A. Yegorova, was shot in August 1938); Army Commander Ivan Fedko, arrested July 1938 and shot February 1939; Flagman Konstantin Dushenov, arrested May 1938 and shot February 1940; Komkor G. I. Bondar, arrested August 1938 and shot March 1939. All the aforementioned have been posthumously rehabilitated.

When the relatives of those who had been executed in 1937–38 inquired about their fate, they were told by NKVD that their arrested relatives had been sentenced to "ten years without the right of correspondence" (десять лет без права переписки). When these ten-year periods elapsed in 1947–48 but the arrested did not appear, the relatives asked MGB about their fate again and this time were told that the arrested died in imprisonment.

Western reactions
Although the trials of former Soviet leaders were widely publicized, the hundreds of thousands of other arrests and executions were not. These became known in the West only as a few former gulag inmates reached the West with their stories. Not only did foreign correspondents from the West fail to report on the purges, but in many Western nations (especially France), attempts were made to silence or discredit these witnesses; according to Robert Conquest, Jean-Paul Sartre took the position that evidence of the camps should be ignored so the French proletariat would not be discouraged. A series of legal actions ensued at which definitive evidence was presented that established the validity of the former labor camp inmates' testimony.According to Robert Conquest in his 1968 book The Great Terror: Stalin's Purge of the Thirties, with respect to the trials of former leaders, some Western observers were unintentionally or intentionally ignorant of the fraudulent nature of the charges and evidence, notably Walter Duranty of The New York Times, a Russian speaker; the American Ambassador, Joseph E. Davies, who reported, "proof ... beyond reasonable doubt to justify the verdict of treason"; and Beatrice and Sidney Webb, authors of Soviet Communism: A New Civilization. While "Communist Parties everywhere simply transmitted the Soviet line", some of the most critical reporting also came from the left, notably The Manchester Guardian. The American journalist H. R. Knickerbocker also reported on the executions. He called them in 1941 "the great purges", and described how over four years they affected "the top fourth or fifth, to estimate it conservatively, of the Party itself, of the Army, Navy, and Air Force leaders and then of the new Bolshevik intelligentsia, the foremost technicians, managers, supervisors, scientists". Knickerbocker also wrote about dekulakization: "It is a conservative estimate to say that some 5,000,000 [kulaks] ... died at once, or within a few years."Evidence and the results of research began to appear after Stalin's death. This revealed the full enormity of the Purges. The first of these sources were the revelations of Nikita Khrushchev, which particularly affected the American editors of the Communist Party USA newspaper, the Daily Worker, who, following the lead of The New York Times, published the Secret Speech in full.

Rehabilitation
The Great Purge was denounced by Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev following Stalin's death. In his secret speech to the 20th CPSU congress in February 1956 (which was made public a month later), Khrushchev referred to the purges as an "abuse of power" by Stalin which resulted in enormous harm to the country. In the same speech, he recognized that many of the victims were innocent and were convicted on the basis of false confessions extracted by torture. To take that position was politically useful to Khrushchev, as he was at that time engaged in a power struggle with rivals who had been associated with the Purge, the so-called Anti-Party Group. The new line on the Great Purges undermined their power, and helped propel him to the Chairmanship of the Council of Ministers. Starting from 1954, some of the convictions were overturned. Mikhail Tukhachevsky and other generals convicted in the Trial of Red Army Generals were declared innocent ("rehabilitated") in 1957. The former Politburo members Yan Rudzutak and Stanislav Kosior and many lower-level victims were also declared innocent in the 1950s. Nikolai Bukharin and others convicted in the Moscow Trials were not rehabilitated until as late as 1988. Leon Trotsky, considered a major player in the Russian Revolution and a major contributor to Marxist theory, was never rehabilitated by the USSR. The book Rehabilitation: The Political Processes of the 1930s–50s (Реабилитация. Политические процессы 30-50-х годов) (1991) contains a large amount of newly presented original archive material: transcripts of interrogations, letters of convicts, and photos. The material demonstrates in detail how numerous show trials were fabricated.

Number of people executed
Official figures put the total number of documentable executions during the years 1937 and 1938 at 681,692, in addition to 116,000 deaths in the Gulag, and 2,000 unofficially killed in non-article 58 shootings; whereas the total estimate of deaths brought about by Soviet repression during the Great Purge ranges from 950,000 to 1.2 million, which includes executions, deaths in detention and those who died shortly after being released from the Gulag, as a result of their treatment therein.According to Robert Conquest, a practice of falsification for lowering the execution numbers was disguising executions with the sentence "ten years without the right of correspondence" which almost always meant execution. All of the bodies identified from the mass graves at Vinnitsa and Kuropaty were of individuals who had received this sentence. Despite this, the lower figure did roughly confirm Conquest's original 1968 estimate of 700,000 "legal" executions and in the preface to the 40th anniversary edition of The Great Terror, Conquest claimed that he had been "correct on the vital matter—the numbers put to death: about one million".According to J. Arch Getty and Oleg V. Naumov, "popular estimates of executions in the great purges vary from 500,000 to 7 million." However, according to them, "the archival evidence from the secret police rejects the astronomically high estimates often given for the number of terror victims" and "the data available at this point make it clear that the number shot in the two worst purge years [1937-38] was more likely in the hundreds of thousands than in the millions." According to historian Corrina Kuhr, 700,000 people were executed during the Great Purge out of the 2.5 million who were arrested. Professor Nérard François-Xavier estimates the same number of people who were sentenced to death, however he states that 1.3 million people were arrested.The Soviets themselves made their own estimates with Vyacheslav Molotov saying "The report written by that commission member…says that 1,370,000 arrests were made in the 1930s. That's too many. I responded that the figures should be thoroughly reviewed".

Stalin's role
Historians with archival access have confirmed that Stalin was intimately involved in the purge. Russian historian Oleg V. Khlevniuk states "theories about the elemental, spontaneous nature of the terror, about a loss of central control over the course of mass repression, and about the role of regional leaders in initiating the terror are simply not supported by the historical record". Besides signing Yezhov's lists, Stalin sometimes gave instructions concerning certain individuals. In one instance, he told Yezhov "Isn't it time to squeeze this gentleman and force him to report on his dirty little business? Where is he: in a prison or a hotel?" In another, while reviewing one of Yezhov's lists, he added to M. I. Baranov's name, "beat, beat!" Stalin also signed 357 lists in 1937 and 1938 authorizing executions of some 40,000 people, and about 90% of these are confirmed to have been shot, this was 7.4% of those executed legally. While reviewing one such list, Stalin reportedly muttered to no one in particular: "Who's going to remember all this riff-raff in ten or twenty years time? No one. Who remembers the names now of the boyars Ivan the Terrible got rid of? No one."It is quite possible that Yezhov misled Stalin about the aspects of the purge process. Many people at the time, and also a few subsequent commentators, surmised that the Great Purge wasn't started by Stalin's initiative, so the idea got about that the process was entirely out of control once it had begun. Stalin may have failed to anticipate the catastrophic excesses of the NKVD under Yezhov. Stalin also objected to the large numbers of people that Yezhov was purging. For example, when Yezhov announced that 200,000 party members were expelled, Stalin interrupted him, said that they were "very many" and suggested instead to only expel 30,000 and 600 former Trotskyists and Zinovievists which "would be a bigger victory".Stephen G. Wheatcroft posits that while the 'purposive deaths' caused by Hitler constitute 'murder', those caused under Stalin fall into the category of 'execution', although in terms of "causing death by criminal neglect and ruthlessness (...) Stalin probably exceeded Hitler". Wheatcroft elaborates:

Stalin undoubtedly caused many innocent people to be executed, but it seems likely that he thought many of them guilty of crimes against the state and felt that the execution of others would act as a deterrent to the guilty. He signed the papers and insisted on documentation. Hitler, by contrast, wanted to be rid of the Jews and communists simply because they were Jews and communists. He was not concerned about making any pretence at legality. He was careful not to sign anything on this matter and was equally insistent on no documentation.

Soviet investigation commissions
At least two Soviet commissions investigated the show-trials after Stalin's death. The first was headed by Molotov and included Voroshilov, Kaganovich, Suslov, Furtseva, Shvernik, Aristov, Pospelov, and Rudenko. They were given the task to investigate the materials concerning Bukharin, Rykov, Zinoviev, Tukhachevsky, and others. The commission worked in 1956–1957. While stating that the accusations against Tukhachevsky et al. should be abandoned, it failed to fully rehabilitate the victims of the three Moscow trials, although the final report does contain an admission that the accusations have not been proven during the trials and "evidence" had been produced by lies, blackmail, and "use of physical influence". Bukharin, Rykov, Zinoviev, and others were still seen as political opponents, and though the charges against them were obviously false, they could not have been rehabilitated because "for many years they headed the anti-Soviet struggle against the building of socialism in USSR".The second commission largely worked from 1961 to 1963 and was headed by Shvernik ("Shvernik Commission"). It included Shelepin, Serdyuk, Mironov, Rudenko, and Semichastny. The hard work resulted in two massive reports, which detailed the mechanism of falsification of the show-trials against Bukharin, Zinoviev, Tukhachevsky, and many others. The commission based its findings in large part on eyewitness testimonies of former NKVD workers and victims of repressions, and on many documents. The commission recommended rehabilitating every accused with the exceptions of Radek and Yagoda, because Radek's materials required some further checking, and Yagoda was a criminal and one of the falsifiers of the trials (though most of the charges against him had to be dropped too, he was not a "spy", etc.). The commission stated:

Stalin committed a very grave crime against the Communist party, the socialist state, Soviet people and worldwide revolutionary movement...Together with Stalin, the responsibility for the abuse of law, mass unwarranted repressions and death of many thousands of wholly innocent people also lies on Molotov, Kaganovich, Malenkov....
Molotov stated "We would have been complete idiots if we had taken the reports at their face value. We were not idiots." and that "the cases were reviewed and some people were released"

Mass graves and memorials
In the late 1980s, with the formation of the Memorial Society and similar organisations across the Soviet Union at a time of Gorbachev's glasnost ("openness and transparency") it became possible not only to speak about the Great Terror but also to begin locating the killing grounds of 1937–1938 and identifying those who lay buried there.
In 1988, for instance, the mass graves at Kurapaty in Belarus were the site of a clash between demonstrators and the police. In 1990, a boulder stone was brought from the former Solovki prison camp in the White Sea, and erected next to KGB headquarters in Moscow as a memorial to all "the victims of political repression" since 1917.
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, many more mass graves filled with executed victims of the terror were discovered and turned into memorial sites. Some, such as the killing fields Bykivnia near Kyiv, are said to contain up to 200,000 corpses.In 2007, one such site, the Butovo firing range near Moscow, was turned into a shrine to the victims of Stalinism. Between August 1937 and October 1938, more than 20,000 people were shot and buried there.On 30 October 2017, President Vladimir Putin opened the Wall of Sorrow, an official but controversial recognition of the crimes of the Soviet regime.In August 2021, a mass grave containing between 5,000 and 8,000 skeletons was discovered in Odessa, Ukraine, during exploration works for a planned expansion of Odesa International Airport. The graves are believed to date back to the late 1930s during the purge.

Historical interpretations
The Great Purge has provoked numerous debates about its purpose, scale, and mechanisms. According to one interpretation, Stalin's regime had to maintain its citizens in a state of fear and uncertainty to stay in power (Brzezinski, 1958). Robert Conquest emphasized Stalin's paranoia, focused on the Moscow show trial of "Old Bolsheviks", and analyzed the carefully planned and systematic destruction of the Communist Party. Some others view the Great Purge as a crucial moment, or rather the culmination, of a vast social engineering campaign started at the beginning of the 1930s (Hagenloh, 2000; Shearer, 2003; Werth, 2003).According to historian James Harris, contemporary archival research pokes "rather large holes in the traditional story" weaved by Conquest and others. His findings, while not exonerating Stalin or the Soviet state, dispel the notion that the bloodletting was merely the result of Stalin attempting to establish his own personal dictatorship; evidence suggests he was committed to building the socialist state envisioned by Lenin. The real motivation for the terror, according to Harris, was an exaggerated fear of counterrevolution.
So what was the motivation behind the Terror? The answers required a lot more digging, but it gradually became clearer that the violence of the late 1930s was driven by fear. Most Bolsheviks, Stalin among them, believed that the revolutions of 1789, 1848 and 1871 had failed because their leaders hadn't adequately anticipated the ferocity of the counter-revolutionary reaction from the establishment. They were determined not to make the same mistake.
Two major lines of interpretation have emerged among historians. One argues that the purges reflected Stalin's ambitions, his paranoia, and his inner drive to increase his power and eliminate potential rivals. Revisionist historians explain the purges by theorizing that rival factions exploited Stalin's paranoia and used terror to enhance their own position. Peter Whitewood examines the first purge, directed at the Army, and comes up with a third interpretation that Stalin and other top leaders believing that they were always surrounded by capitalist enemies, always worried about the vulnerability and loyalty of the Red Army. It was not a ploy – Stalin truly believed it. "Stalin attacked the Red Army because he seriously misperceived a serious security threat"; thus "Stalin seems to have genuinely believed that foreign‐backed enemies had infiltrated the ranks and managed to organize a conspiracy at the very heart of the Red Army." The purge hit deeply from June 1937 and November 1938, removing 35,000; many were executed. Experience in carrying out the purge facilitated purging other key elements in the wider Soviet polity. Historians often cite the disruption as factors in the Red Army's disastrous military performance during the German invasion. Robert W. Thurston reports that the purge was not intended to subdue the Soviet masses, many of whom helped enact the purge, but to deal with opposition to Stalin's rule among the Soviet elites.

See also
Excess mortality in the Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin
Index of Soviet Union-related articles
Timeline of the Great Purge
History of the Soviet Union (1927–1953)
Armenian victims of the Great Purge
Family members of traitors to the Motherland
Orphans in the Soviet Union#Children of "enemies of the people", 1937–1945
Mass killings under communist regimes

Notes
References
Andrew, Christopher; Mitrokhin, Vasili (2000) [1999]. The Sword and the Shield: The Mitrokhin Archive and the Secret History of the KGB. New York: Basic Books. ISBN 978-0-465-00312-9.
—— (1987). Stalin and the Kirov Murder. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-505579-5.
—— (2008) [1990]. The Great Terror: A Reassessment. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-531700-8.
Courtois, Stéphane (1999). The Black Book of Communism: Crimes, Terror, Repression. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-07608-2.
Figes, Orlando (2007). The Whisperers: Private Life in Stalin's Russia. London: Allen Lane. ISBN 978-0-7139-9702-6.
Gellately, Robert (2007). Lenin, Stalin, and Hitler: The Age of Social Catastrophe. Knopf. ISBN 978-1-4000-4005-6.
Harris, James (2017). The Great Fear: Stalin's Terror of the 1930s. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0198797869.
Haynes, John Earl; Klehr, Harvey (2003). In Denial: Historians, Communism, and Espionage. Encounter Books. ISBN 978-1-893554-72-6.
Koestler, Arthur (1940). Darkness at Noon.
Kuromiya, Hiroaki (2007). The Voices of the Dead: Stalin's Great Terror in the 1930s. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-12389-0.
McLoughlin, Barry; McDermott, Kevin (2002). Stalin's Terror: High Politics and Mass Repression in the Soviet Union. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-1-4039-0119-4.
Parrish, Michael (1996). The Lesser Terror: Soviet state security, 1939–1953. Westport, CT: Praeger Press. ISBN 978-0-275-95113-9.
Solzhenitsyn, Aleksandr I. (1973). The Gulag Archipelago, 1918–1956: In Three Volumes. New York: Harper and Row.
Thurston, Robert (1998) [1996]. Life and Terror in Stalin's Russia, 1934–1941. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-07442-0.
—— (2000). "The Scale and Nature of Stalinist Repression and its Demographic Significance: On Comments by Keep and Conquest" (PDF). Europe-Asia Studies. 52 (6): 1143–1159. doi:10.1080/09668130050143860. PMID 19326595. S2CID 205667754.

Further reading
A. Artizov, Yu. Sigachev, I. Shevchuk, V. Khlopov under editorship of acad. A. N. Yakovlev. Rehabilitation: As It Happened. Documents of the CPSU CC Presidium and Other Materials. Vol. 2, February 1956–Early 1980s. Moscow, 2003.
Chase, William J. (2001). Enemies within the Gates?: The Comintern and the Stalinist Repression, 1934–1939. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-08242-5.
Colton, Timothy J. (1998). Moscow: Governing the Socialist Metropolis. Belknap Press. ISBN 978-0-674-58749-6.
Conquest, Robert (1973) [1968]. The Great Terror: Stalin's Purge of the Thirties (Revised ed.). London: Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-02-527560-7.
Hill, Alexander (2017), The Red Army and the Second World War, Cambridge University Press, ISBN 978-1-1070-2079-5.
Hoffman, David L., ed. (2003). Stalinism: The Essential Readings. Oxford: Blackwell Publishers. ISBN 978-0-631-22890-5.
Ilic, Melanie, ed. (2006). Stalin's Terror Revisited. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan.
Karlsson, Klas-Göran; Schoenhals, Michael (2008). Crimes against humanity under communist regimes – Research review (PDF). Forum for Living History. ISBN 978-91-977487-2-8. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 August 2010.
Lyons, Eugene (1937). Assignment in Utopia. Harcourt Brace and Company.
Merridale, Catherine (2002). Night of Stone: Death and Memory in Twentieth-Century Russia. London: Penguin. ISBN 978-0-14-200063-2.
Naimark, Norman M. (2010). Stalin's Genocides (Human Rights and Crimes against Humanity). Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-0-691-14784-0.
Rogovin, Vadim (1996). Two Lectures: Stalin's Great Terror: Origins and Consequences—Leon Trotsky and the Fate of Marxism in the USSR. Mehring books. ISBN 978-0-929087-83-2.
—— (1998). 1937: Stalin's Year of Terror. Mehring Books. ISBN 978-0-929087-77-1.
Rosefielde, Steven (2009). Red Holocaust. London: Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-77757-5.
Snyder, Timothy (2005). Sketches from a Secret War: A Polish Artist's Mission to Liberate Soviet Ukraine. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-10670-1.
—— (2010). Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin. New York: Basic Books. ISBN 978-0-465-00239-9 – via Google Books.
Tzouliadis, Tim (2008). The Forsaken: An American Tragedy in Stalin's Russia. London: Penguin. ISBN 978-1-59420-168-4.
Watt, Donald Cameron. "Who plotted against whom? Stalin's purge of the soviet high command revisited." Journal of Soviet Military Studies 3.1 (1990): 46–65.
Wheatcroft, Stephen (1996). "The Scale and Nature of German and Soviet Repression and Mass Killings, 1930–45" (PDF). Europe-Asia Studies. 48 (8): 1319–1353. doi:10.1080/09668139608412415. JSTOR 152781.
Whitewood, Peter. The Red Army and the Great Terror: Stalin's Purge of the Soviet Military (2015)
Whitewood, Peter. "The Purge of the Red Army and the Soviet Mass Operations, 1937–38." Slavonic & East European Review 93.2 (2015): 286–314. online
—— "Subversion in the Red Army and the Military Purge of 1937–1938." Europe-Asia Studies 67.1 (2015): 102–122.
—— "In the shadow of the war: Bolshevik perceptions of polish subversive and military threats to the Soviet Union, 1920–32." Journal of Strategic Studies (2019): 1-24.
Yakovlev, Alexander N., ed. (1991). Реабилитация. Политические процессы 30-50-х годов [Rehabilitation: Political Trials of the 1930s–50s]. Moscow: ROSSPEN.
—— (2004) [2002]. A Century of Violence in Soviet Russia. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-10322-9.

Film
Pultz, David, dir. 1997. Eternal Memory: Voices from the Great Terror [81:00, documentary film]. Narrated by Meryl Streep. USA.

External links
 Media related to Great Purge at Wikimedia Commons
The Case of Bukharin—Transcript of Nikolai Bukharin's testimonies and last plea; from "The Case of the Anti-Soviet Block of Rights and Trotskyites", Red Star Press, 1973, pages 369–439, 767–779
Actual video footage from Third Moscow Trial on YouTube
Nicolas Werth Case Study: The NKVD Mass Secret Operation n° 00447 (August 1937 – November 1938)
"Documenting the Death Toll: Research into the Mass Murder of Foreigners in Moscow, 1937–38" by Barry McLoughlin, American Historical Association, 1999Wilson Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Kansas, on the border of Russell County and Lincoln County. Built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood control, it is also used for wildlife management and recreation. Several parks are located along its shoreline, including Wilson State Park.

History
The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation authorized construction of Wilson Lake for the purposes of irrigation, navigation enhancement, flood control, recreation, fish and wildlife habitat, and water quality assurance. However, the salinity of the water in the Saline River, which would feed the reservoir, made using it for irrigation unfeasible. The Bureau then turned over management and operation of the project to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps of Engineers planned, designed, and constructed Wilson Dam, completing it in 1964 at a cost of $20 million, and continues to manage the reservoir to the present day.

Geography
Wilson Lake is located at 38°56′25″N 98°33′24″W (38.9401464, -98.5567638) at an elevation of 1,516 feet (462 m). It lies in north-central Kansas in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Most of Wilson Lake lies in Russell County with a small portion of its southeastern arm extending into Lincoln County.The reservoir is impounded at its northeastern end by Wilson Dam. The dam is located at 38°58′00″N 98°29′41″W (38.9666777, -98.4947876) at an elevation of 1,588 feet (484 m). The Saline River is both the reservoir's primary inflow from the west and outflow to the east. Smaller tributaries include Elm Creek, which flows from the south into the western part of the reservoir, and Hell Creek, which feeds the reservoir's southeastern arm.Kansas Highway 232 runs generally north-south along the reservoir's eastern shore and across the top of Wilson Dam. Shoreline Road, a paved county road, runs generally east-west parallel to the southern shore, crossing the reservoir's southeastern arm.

Hydrography
The surface area, surface elevation, and water volume of the reservoir fluctuate based on inflow and local climatic conditions. In terms of capacity, the Corps of Engineers vertically divides the reservoir into a set of pools based on volume and water level, and the reservoir is considered full when filled to the capacity of its multi-purpose pool. When full, Wilson Lake has a surface area of 9,045 acres (36.60 km2), a surface elevation of 1,516 feet (462 m), and a volume of 242,528 acre⋅ft (299,154,000 m3). When filled to maximum capacity, it has a surface area of 33,882 acres (137.12 km2), a surface elevation of 1,588 feet (484 m), and a volume of 1,666,995 acre⋅ft (2.056208×109 m3).The streambed underlying the reservoir has an elevation of 1,420 feet (430 m). Since the reservoir's initial flooding, sedimentation has gradually accumulated on the reservoir bottom thus raising its elevation.

Infrastructure
Wilson Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam with a foundation of rock and soil. It stands 130 feet (40 m) tall and 5,600 feet (1,700 m) long. At its crest, the dam has an elevation of 1,592 feet (485 m). An uncontrolled, 450-foot (140 m) spillway is located at the southeast end of the dam. The dam's outlet works consist of one gated conduit 12 feet (3.7 m) wide and 1,097 feet (334 m) long. When the reservoir is filled to maximum capacity, the spillway has a discharge capacity of 15,700 cubic feet per second (440 m3/s). When it is filled to flood control capacity, the outlet works conduit has a discharge capacity of 6,500 cubic feet per second (180 m3/s).

Management
The Kansas City District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers manages Wilson Dam, Wilson Lake, and 13,000 acres (53 km2) of land surrounding the reservoir for the purposes of flood control, recreation, fish and wildlife management, and downstream water quality improvement. Corps staff maintain the dam and outlet works, conduct dam safety inspections, and make water release changes to the Saline River outflow in accordance with the Kansas City Water District Control Section. They also provide visitor assistance, conduct park maintenance and patrolling, and perform wildlife food plot management. Operations such as trash removal, fee collection, and facility cleaning are outsourced to private contractors.Of the land surrounding Wilson Lake, the Corps directly manages 3,200 acres (13 km2) and has licensed the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism (KDWP) to manage 8,069 acres (32.65 km2) of native prairie and cropland as the Wilson Wildlife Area. Management activities include prescribed burning, tree and native grass plantings, invasive species control, and agricultural leases. Fisheries management activities include fish sampling and stocking, population monitoring, habitat work, and aquatic vegetation enhancement.

Parks and recreation
The Corps of Engineers manages three parks at Wilson Lake:  Lucas Park, Minooka Park, and Sylvan Park. Lucas Park is located on the north shore of the reservoir's eastern end and includes the Rocktown Natural Area. Minooka Park, named after the Otoe word for "good earth", lies on the south shore of the central part of the reservoir. Sylvan Park lies below Wilson Dam immediately northeast of the reservoir. Both Lucas Park and Minooka Park host swimming beaches and boat ramps. All three parks include hiking trails and camping facilities. The Corps of Engineers also operates a visitor center located below Wilson Dam near Sylvan Park.The KDWP operates Wilson State Park located on the south shore of the reservoir's eastern end. The park is divided into two areas by the reservoir's southeastern arm:  the Hell Creek Area on the west side and the Otoe Area on the east side. The Hell Creek Area hosts a marina. Both areas include hiking trails, swimming beaches, boat ramps, and camping facilities.Wilson Lake is open to sport fishing. Hunting is permitted on the public land around the reservoir although it is restricted in certain areas.

Points of interest
Rocktown Natural Area is a site comprising 305 acres (1.23 km2) in Lucas Park. It is named for the sandstone pillars, ranging in height from 15 feet (4.6 m) to 30 feet (9.1 m), that occupy its landscape. It is also home to a number of plant species uncommon to the region:  Fremont's clematis, shortstem spiderwort, and Maryland senna among others.Portions of the Dakota Formation are exposed in multiple locations around the reservoir. They contain extensive fossil material dating back to the Cretaceous period.

Wildlife
Fish species resident in Wilson Lake include black bass, channel catfish, crappie, smallmouth bass, striped bass, walleye, and white bass. Two invasive species, the white perch and the zebra mussel, live in the lake as well. Game animals living on land around the reservoir include common pheasants, deer, ducks, geese, prairie chickens, quail, rabbits, and turkeys.Part of the Wilson Wildlife Area at the far western end of the lake is home to a concentration of several native mixed grass prairie species:  big bluestem, blue gramma, buffalo grass, Indian grass, little bluestem, sideoats gramma, and switchgrass.

See also
List of Kansas state parks
List of lakes, reservoirs, and dams in Kansas
List of rivers of Kansas

References
External links
Wilson Lake, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
Wilson State Park, Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism
Wilson Wildlife Area, Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and TourismHuai Sai (Thai: ห้วยทราย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Kamphaeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2020 it had a total population of 5,964 people.

Administration
Central administration
The tambon is subdivided into 8 administrative villages (muban).

Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by the subdistrict municipality (Thesaban Tambon) Huai Sai (เทศบาลตำบลห้วยทราย).

References
External links
Thaitambon.com on Huai SaiPerdita bequaertiana is a species of bee in the family Andrenidae. It is found in North America.

References


== Further reading ==Birds and Cages is the second full-length album by Deas Vail. It was released on January 26, 2010 through Mono vs Stereo. Their previous album, All the Houses Look the Same, was released on the label Brave New World. Brave New World underwent some financial complications and had to un-sign Deas Vail. They were then signed by Mono vs Stereo, and the album was released under the new label.

Track listing
"The Things You Were" – 4:58
"Growing Pains" – 3:57
"Excuses" – 3:18
"Cages" – 5:08
"Birds" – 4:51 (feat. Matthew Thiessen of Relient K)
"Tell Me" – 0:48
"Dance In Perfect Time" – 3:28
"Sunlight" – 4:07
"Puzzles and Pieces" – 2:51
"The Great Physician" – 3:38
"The Leaper" – 4:01
"Atlantis" – 4:51


Alexander Bonner Latta  (June 11, 1821 – April 28, 1865) was an American manufacturer and inventor. He specialized in engines that used steam for power. He designed railroad steam locomotives and directed the construction of the first such locomotive built west of the Alleghany Mountains. An unusual train locomotive design he innovated was one that had an additional set of cylinders that utilized steam exhaust for more power. He designed and constructed the first efficiently working steam fire engine to be routinely used as a part of a city's fire-fighting equipment. The fire engine was first adopted by Cincinnati, Boston, and New York City. He invented a self-propelled steam-engine fire engine.

Early life
Latta was born on a farm just outside the city limits of Chillicothe, Ohio, on July 11, 1821. He was the youngest of six children and went by the nickname "Moses". When he was five years old, his father, John Latta, was killed in an accident. This left his mother, Rebecca Latta, a penniless widow. Latta soon started his schooling and attended a country school in Ohio until he was thirteen years old, when he was forced to quit school to help support his family. Latta's first jobs were at David Bradford Woolen Mills, for seventy-five cents per week; at a shipyard, three years later, starting at three dollars per week, later raised to nine dollars; at Samuel Cummings' brass foundry, three years later; and at William Bylad's machine shop, around 1840, Latta having become an experienced mechanic. In the early 1840s, his mother moved the family to Cincinnati to take advantage of better financial opportunities there to get skilled jobs for her sons.

Mid life and career
In 1841, Latta met Anthony Harkness while on a business trip to Washington, D. C. Harkness was the owner of a machine shop and foundry in Cincinnati.  Latta demonstrated his mechanical ability to Harkness and explained his invention for a machine that produce parts for steamboat paddle wheels. He made such an impact on Harkness that he was offered a job as superintendent of Harkness's foundry. His first assignment was that of designing a huge lathe planing machine. George Escol Sellers, an inventor, believed the machine Latta made was a mechanical masterpiece.Latta first became a foreman at the Harkness machine shop and later became an engineer. In 1845, he directed the construction of the first railroad locomotive built west of the Alleghany Mountains, and served as the locomotive's engineer when it made its trial run, from Cincinnati to Columbus, Ohio and back. In 1846, Latta designed an unusual train locomotive for the Boston and Maine Railroad. The locomotive had an additional set of cylinders, under the water tank, which utilized the residual energy of steam exhaust sent back through specially designed pipes from the primary cylinders.In 1846, Latta formed the Buckeye Works company with his brothers Edmundson and Finlay. In 1852 he built a steam fire engine with Abel Shawk. In 1856 he induced the Boston Locomotive Works to build a coal burning locomotive from his design. This engine was a total failure, however the boiler was ultimately used as stationary boiler at the builder's shop. In 1857 Latta published a catalog showing several improvements for locomotives. One design permitted a more widespread distribution of the engine's weight and dead weight of the tender for traction.

Uncle Joe Ross and Citizen's Gift steam fire engines
Latta's greatest inventions were those related to steam-powered fire engines. Beginning in March 1852, he designed and manufactured the world's first functional steam fire engine, which could be drawn by both men and horses and could be used by city fire departments as part of their standard fire-fighting equipment. The fire engine was given the label Uncle Joe Ross after Joseph Ross, the city councilman who promoted it, and was put into full service at the fire department in Cincinnati on January 1, 1853.In April 1853, the Cincinnati volunteer fire department was reorganized around the use of Latta's steam fire engine, and became the first paid company of firemen. The city then ordered two more of Latta's steam fire engines for $9,500 each, and they were built and delivered by December 30. The new fire engines were named Citizen's Gift and A. B. Latta. The Citizens' Gift was named for the citizens of Cincinnati, whose donations paid for the fire engine. In 1855, Boston was next to adopt Latta's steam fire engine. Theirs was the first American fire department to change entirely from hand operated to steam powered fire engines. Boston was followed by New York City, and then other cities.Cincinnati's Uncle Joe Ross fire engine was demonstrated to a group of men from Chicago on December 5, 1855. People were concerned about the extreme high pressure the engine developed and warned the operating engineer. At the point of maximum pressure a hose burst. Finally, the engineer turned off the engine, but just as the engine stopped it exploded. This was the first steam fire engine explosion. It killed the operating engineer and injured several people.A self-propelled steam-engine patent was granted to Latta in 1855. The steam engine rode on three steel wheels arranged as a tricycle's. The front wheel was for steering and the back wheels not only propelled the machine down the streets, but powered the pumps that pushed the water through hoses onto the flames. The boiler consisted of two square chambers, one within the other. The space between them contained water that was heated to steam by the inner-chamber firebox.

Later life and death
Latta's last design was for a "steam dummy" for the street railway in the city of Cincinnati. It consisted of a 6-horsepower portable engine, of his design, that was built into a street railway car. It was tested in March 1860. Between 1847 and his death, Latta received patents for several improvements to steam locomotives and fire engines. Latta retired in 1862 and died in Ludlow, Kentucky, in 1865.

Family
Latta married Elizabeth Ann Pawson on October 21, 1847. They had two children who grew to adulthood, G. Taylor and Luella M. Latta.

Awards
Latta invented a series of improvements to railroad applications, but only a few of his patented inventions were actually used in the industry. He received a gold medal for fire engine improvements at the Ohio Mechanics' Institute Fair in 1854.

References
Sources
Jones, Adolphus Eberhardt (1881). In Memoriam: Cincinnati, 1881. A.E. Jones. OCLC 3256325.
Kane, Joseph Nathan (1997). Famous First Facts. H.W. Wilson Company. ISBN 0824209303.
King, William T. (1896). American Steam Fire-engine. Pinkham Press. OCLC 45493151.
Malone, Dumas (1934). Dictionary of American Biography: Larned-MacCracken. C. Scribner's sons. OCLC 1087580167.
Marquis, A. N. (1967). Marquis Who was who. The A. N. Marquis Company. OCLC 5357538.
McGraw-Hill (1889). American Machinist. McGraw-Hill.
McGraw-Hill (1890). American Machinist. McGraw-Hill.
Rhode, Robert T. (2008). Steam Tractor Encyclopedia. MBI Publishing Company LLC. ISBN 978-0-7603-3473-7.
Tenkotte, Paul A. (13 January 2015). Encyclopedia of Northern Kentucky. University Press of Kentucky. ISBN 978-0-8131-5996-6.
White, John H. (1965). Cincinnati locomotive builders, 1845–1868. Smithsonian Institution. ISBN 9780598369567. OCLC 186068490.
Wilson, James Grant (1887). Cyclopædia of American Biography. D. Appleton. OCLC 490982730.

External links
Alexander Bonner Latta at Find a Grave"Better" is a song performed by German singers Lena Meyer-Landrut and Nico Santos. The song was released as a digital download on 16 August 2019 by Universal Music Group. The song peaked at number 15 on the German Singles Chart. The song also charted in Austria and Switzerland.

Background
The song is about relationships, about how a couple thought they were for each other but it was not meant to be. They sing how their love for each other was not enough and how they wish each other well and how they will not find someone else better.

Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Better" was first released onto YouTube on 30 August 2019.

Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history


Teximbank is the oldest operating private bank in Bulgaria. It was created by Georgi Naydenov, a famous Bulgarian businessman, who created the state-owned economic group Texim in the 1960s and 1970s.
Texim was 'founded in 1960 as an export-import enterprise, and was gradually expanded to cover various additional types of activities:  transport by its own ships and trucks, management of factories producing soft drinks (including Coca-Cola, for the production of which it acquired the license), management of Bulgarian mineral water springs, sale of luxury goods in special shops in Sofia and Varna, etc.' Furthermore, Texim was 'responsible for the bulk of Bulgaria's arms exports, and it is the primary distributor for most of the country's small arms and light weapons'.Georgi Naydenov created Teximbank in September 1992, the beginning of the post-communist era. The bank was created by 'more than 4000 initial shareholders who trusted in Naydenov'. It managed to survive both Bulgarian economic crisis and restored its political and economic independence. Teximbank has proven to be a stable and reliable financial institution. The bank has a full banking license which enables it to perform transactions both in the country and abroad, and it specialises in servicing small and middle-sized businesses.

References
External links
Official Website

Sources
Official Website of Teximbank: http://www.teximbank.bg
Official Site of the Bulgarian National Bank: http://www.bnb.bg
https://web.archive.org/web/20070929100501/http://www.mybulgaria.info/bulgaria/travel/information-about-bulgaria-38.html
About the CEO of Teximbank: http://www.dksi.bg/en/AboutUs/Members/Vidolova.htm
http://www.kampanyarchivum.hu/files/300/8/3/7-2-27.html
http://www.hrw.org/reports/1999/bulgaria/Bulga994-02.htm#P384_79881The 2001 season was the Kansas City Chiefs' 32nd in the National Football League (NFL), their 42nd overall and their first under head coach Dick Vermeil. They failed to qualify for the playoffs or to improve upon their 7–9 record from 2000, with a 6–10 record, which netted them a fourth place finish in the AFC West.
Along with new coaches joining the team, new additions appeared on the Chiefs' roster, including running back Priest Holmes and quarterback Trent Green. Coach Dick Vermeil began to install a powerful offense similar to the one he installed in St. Louis to win Super Bowl XXXIV.

Offseason
NFL draft
Undrafted free agents
Personnel
Staff
Roster
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
* Game originally scheduled for September 16, but was postponed along with all Week 2 games following the September 11 attacks

Standings


David John Nish (born 26 September 1947) is an English former footballer who broke Alan Ball's British transfer record in 1972.

Club
In 1966, Nish began his career with Leicester City. In 1972, Derby County paid a record transfer fee of £225,000 for his contract. At Derby he was part of the team that won the First Division in 1975.In 1979, Nish moved to the United States where he joined the Tulsa Roughnecks of the North American Soccer League. In 1980, he moved to the Seattle Sounders where he played three seasons (two outdoor and one indoor). He finished his American career with one indoor season with the San Jose Earthquakes.
After leaving the U.S., he returned to Leicestershire where he turned out for non-league side Shepshed Charterhouse.

International
Nish earned five caps for the England national team in 1973 and 1974.
Since retiring as a player in 1981, he has also worked with the academies of both Leicester and Derby.

Honours
Leicester City

1971 FA Charity ShieldDerby County

1974–75: Football League Division One Champion
1975 FA Charity Shield

References
External links

David Nish at SoccerBase Database
Player profile at EnglandStats.com
Player profile at FilbertStreet.net
Derby County profile
NASL statsMiss Marjoribanks is an 1866 novel by Margaret Oliphant. It was first published in serialised form in Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine from February 1865. It follows the exploits of its heroine, Lucilla Marjoribanks, as she schemes to improve the social life of the provincial English town of Carlingford. The late nineteenth century English novelist George Gissing, who read the novel in September 1896, thought it "excellent".

Characters
Miss Lucilla Marjoribanks (Pronounced the way it is spelt; late in the novel she tells her cousin that it was originally pronounced March-Banks) – The heroine of the story. She ostensibly aspires to make her papa happy and finds the idea of courting to be unimportant at this moment in her life.
Dr. Marjoribanks – Lucilla's father. He sent her back to boarding school after her invalid mother's funeral, because she was only 15 and he was quite self-sufficient. When she returned, after having done a European tour, she takes charge of the household. He  admires the way she has outwitted him and is proud of her success in society and is amused to see how she deals with minor setbacks.
Tom Marjoribanks – Lucilla's cousin on her father's side. They grew up in each other's company. He loves Lucilla but she does not reciprocate his feelings, and he goes to India for several years.
Mr. Cavendish – The only man capable of flirting at parties.
Nancy – Dr. Marjoribanks' cook. Sometimes competes with Lucilla for authority in the house. Usually fails.
Barbara Lake – Has the perfect singing voice to complement Lucilla at her at homes but  is lower in the social scale and resents Lucilla and actively schemes to get Mr Cavendish's attention.
Rose Lake – Barbara's younger sister. Works at the school of design. Takes art very seriously. Pre-Raphaelite.
Mr. Lake – drawing master of the town. Widower. Many young children left in his care. Blissfully ignorant of his daughter's interest in Mr Cavendish.
Mrs. Centum.
Mrs. Woodburn – Enjoys imitation. Sister to Mr. Cavendish. Not very social but very observant.
Mrs. Chiley – Old. Married to Colonel. No children. Takes a motherly role in Lucilla's life and becomes a confidant.
Miss Martha Blount – Miss Marjoribanks' school teacher.
Ellis – Mrs. Marjoribanks' maid.
Mr. Bury – rector .

Further reading
Jay, Elisabeth (1998). Introduction to Miss Marjoribanks. London: Penguin.
Leavis, Q.D. (1966). Introduction to Miss Marjoribanks. London: The Zodiac Press.
Robinson, Amy J. (2008). "Margaret Oliphant's Miss Marjoribanks: A Victorian Emma," Persuasions: The Jane Austen Journal, Vol. 30.
Schaub, Melissa (2000). "Queen of the Air or Constitutional Monarch?: Idealism, Irony, and Narrative Power in Miss Marjoribanks," Nineteenth-Century Literature, Vol. 55, No. 2, pp. 195–225.
Tange, Andrea Kaston (2008). "Redesigning Femininity: Miss Marjoribanks's Drawing-room of Opportunity," Victorian Literature and Culture, Vol. 36, No. 1, pp 163–186.

References
External links
Miss Marjoribanks, at Project Gutenberg
Miss Marjoribanks, at Hathi TrustHer Greatest Hits: Songs of Long Ago is the first official compilation album by Carole King. It was released in 1978 and features twelve songs that had previously appeared on her six studio albums released between 1971 and 1976. The album was re-released on CD in 1999 with two additional tracks.

Background
Her Greatest Hits: Songs of Long Ago is Carole King's first compilation album. The original release features twelve songs which had previously appeared on her studio albums Tapestry, Music, Rhymes and Reasons, Fantasy, Wrap Around Joy and Thoroughbred. Four of the songs had appeared on her second album Tapestry, one of the most successful albums in the history of popular music. "Brother, Brother", a song of her third album Music, is the only one chosen for the compilation LP that was never released as a single. The original release does not feature any songs from her debut album Writer or from her two most recent albums at the time of the initial release, Simple Things and Welcome Home.
The 1999 re-release of the album was digitally remastered and included the live versions of two more songs as performed during her Carnegie Hall concert in 1971: "Eventually," from her debut album Writer, and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman," which was originally recorded by Aretha Franklin in 1967 and was covered by King for Tapestry.

Track listing
1978 release
1999 re-release
The 1999 re-release features the original album digitally remastered along with two additional live recordings from the album Carnegie Hall Concert: June 18, 1971.

Charts
Personnel
References
External links
The album at caroleking.com (1978 edition)
The album at caroleking.com (1999 edition)The 1995 St. Petersburg Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in St. Petersburg, Russia at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex. It was the inaugural edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and was part of the World Series of the 1995 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from 13 March until 20 March 1995. It was the first time that three Russian players reached the semifinals of an ATP tournament. Yevgeny Kafelnikov won the singles title.

Finals
Singles
Yevgeny Kafelnikov defeated  Guillaume Raoux, 6–2, 6–2 

It was Kafelnikov's 2nd title of the year and 5th of his career.

Doubles
Martin Damm /  Anders Järryd defeated  Jakob Hlasek /  Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 6–4, 6–2

It was Damm's 2nd title of the year and 71st title overall. It was Järryd's 2nd title of the year and 59th title overall.

References
External links
Official website
ATP tournament profile
ITF tournament edition detailsMouth trumpet is a vocal technique that imitates the sound of the trumpet.
The mouth trumpet sound is produced by using the vocal cords to produce the desired pitch and passing the sound through the lips that are held together with just enough tension so that they vibrate at the same frequency as the vocal cords, producing a trumpet-like sound.
Lip trumpet is another trumpet imitation technique (also known as lip buzzing) in that air is blown through squeezed lips to make them squeak (like with the real trumpet) to produce a tone without vocal cords. The pitch is controlled by lip tension and position. The timbre can also be varied by tongue position. Particularly difficult is here to control the lip humidity which strongly changes the available pitch range. Both techniques can be combined to play 2 note polyphonic.
Similar play techniques were employed in jug bands to blow the jug, stove pipe and partly watering can.

Notable mouth trumpet artists


The Siberian intervention or Siberian expedition of 1918–1922 was the dispatch of troops of the Entente powers to the Russian Maritime Provinces as part of a larger effort by the western powers, Japan, and China to support White Russian forces and the Czechoslovak Legion against Soviet Russia and its allies during the Russian Civil War. The Imperial Japanese Army continued to occupy Siberia even after other Allied forces withdrew in 1920.

Background
Following the Russian October Revolution of November 1917, the new Bolshevik government in Russia signed a separate peace treaty with the Central Powers in March 1918. The Russian collapse on the Eastern Front of World War I in 1917 presented a tremendous problem to the Entente powers, since it allowed Germany to boost numbers of troops and war matériel on the Western Front. Meanwhile, the 50,000-strong Czechoslovak Legion, fighting on the side of the Allied Powers, became stranded in non-Allied territory within Soviet Russia, and in 1918 started attempting to fight its way out to Vladivostok in the Russian Far East, moving along the Bolshevik-held Trans-Siberian Railway. At times the Czechoslovak Legion controlled the entire Trans-Siberian railway and several major cities in Siberia.
Faced with this situation, the United Kingdom and France decided to intervene in the Russian Civil War on the anti-Bolshevik side. The Western European powers had three objectives in intervening:
to prevent the Allied matériel stockpiles in Russia from falling into German or Bolshevik hands
to help the Czechoslovak Legion and return it to the fighting
to resurrect the Eastern Front by installing a White Russian-backed governmentThe British and French asked the United States to furnish troops for both the North Russia Campaign and the Siberian Campaign. In July 1918, against the advice of the United States Department of War, President Wilson agreed to send 5,000 US troops as the American North Russia Expeditionary Force (a.k.a. the Polar Bear Expedition to Arkhangelsk) and 10,000 US troops as the American Expeditionary Force Siberia. Originally reluctant himself, Wilson agreed to send troops to Siberia on 6 July 1918 solely with the aim of helping the Czech Legion. In the same month, the Beiyang government of the Republic of China responded to an appeal by Chinese people in Russia and sent 2,000 troops by August. The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva and sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign as part of their anti-Bolshevik efforts.
Wilson appealed to Japan for a joint intervention to help the Czechs and suggested that they send no more than 7,000 men to Siberia, although Tokyo eventually sent ten times as many troops as this. Britain decided to assist and first sent a battalion to Siberia commanded by Liberal Party MP and trade-union leader Lieutenant Colonel John Ward. This unit, the first Entente land force to reach Vladivostok, landed on 3 August 1918. A 500-strong French colonial regiment was sent to Vladivostok from Indo-China in August 1918.

Participants
British Empire
The British Army deployed 1,800 troops to Siberia in two battalions. The troops came from the 1/9th (Cyclist) Battalion, Hampshire Regiment (deployed from India) and the 25th Battalion, Middlesex Regiment (deployed from Iraq). The Middlesex battalion was the first Allied force to land in Vladivostok on 3 August 1918. The battalion was commanded by the trade unionist and Labour Member of Parliament John Ward.The British also sent a military mission of 500 men to Siberia, made up of 250 officers and 250 non-commissioned officers, who took part in the training and equipping of the White forces. The military mission was commanded by General Alfred Knox. At least 64 Royal Marines were also involved of the manning of guns at the front in Siberia.

Canada
The Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force, authorised in August 1918 and commanded by Major General James H. Elmsley, was sent to Vladivostok to bolster the Allied presence there. Composed of 4,192 soldiers, the force arrived in Vladivostok on 26 October 1918 but returned to Canada between April and June 1919. During this time, the Canadians saw little fighting, with fewer than 100 troops proceeding "up country" to Omsk, to serve as administrative staff for 1,800 British troops aiding the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak. Most Canadians remained in Vladivostok, undertaking routine drill and policing duties in the volatile port city.

China
At the request of Chinese merchants, 2,300 Chinese troops were sent to Vladivostok to protect Chinese interests there. The Chinese army fought against both Bolsheviks and Cossacks.

Italy
The "Corpo di Spedizione Italiano in Estremo Oriente" was made of Alpini troops, supported by 2,500 Italian ex-POWs who had fought in the Austro-Hungarian Army and enrolled in the Legione Redenta.
The Italians played a small but important role during the intervention, fighting together with the Czechoslovak Legion and other allied forces using heavily armed and armoured trains to control large sections of the Siberian railway.The main areas of operation were the Irkutsk, Harbin and Vladivostok regions.

France
The French sent a small, token, 500-strong force to Vladivostok in August 1918. This was a colonial regiment from Indo-China.

Japan
The Japanese were initially asked in 1917 by the French to intervene in Russia but declined the request. However, the army general staff later came to view the Tsarist collapse as an opportunity to free Japan from any future threat from Russia by detaching Siberia and forming an independent buffer state.
The Japanese government at first refused to undertake such an expedition and it was not until the following year that events were set in motion that led to a change in this policy.In July 1918, President Wilson asked the Japanese government to supply 7,000 troops as part of an international coalition of 25,000 troops, including an American expeditionary force, planned to support the rescue of the Czechoslovak Legions and securing the Allied war matériel stockpiles. After heated debate in the Diet, the administration of Prime Minister Terauchi Masatake agreed to send 12,000 troops, but under solely Japanese command, independent of the international coalition.
Once the political decision had been reached, the Imperial Japanese Army took over full control under Chief of Staff Yui Mitsue and extensive planning for the expedition was conducted. The Japanese first started landing troops in Valdivostok on a large scale on 8 August 1918, and by the end of the month 18,000 Japanese troops had arrived at the port with a further 6,000 moved up through Manchuria to Manchuli. On 18 August the Japanese General Otani Kikuzo assumed command of all the Allied forces.

United States
The American Expeditionary Force, Siberia was commanded by Major General William S. Graves and eventually totalled 8,763 officers and enlisted men. The AEF Siberia included the U.S. Army's 27th and 31st Infantry Regiments, plus large numbers of volunteers from the 13th and 62nd Infantry Regiments along with a few from the 12th Infantry Regiment. Set up to operate the Trans-Siberian railroad, the Russian Railway Service Corps was formed of US personnel.Although General Graves did not arrive in Siberia until September 4, 1918, the first 3,000 American troops disembarked in Vladivostok between August 15 and August 21, 1918. They were quickly assigned guard duty along segments of the railway between Vladivostok and Nikolsk-Ussuriski in the north.Unlike his Allied counterparts, General Graves considered his mission in Siberia to be to provide protection for American-supplied property and to help the Czechoslovak Legions evacuate Russia, and that it did not include fighting against the Bolsheviks. Repeatedly calling for restraint, Graves was often at odds with commanders of British, French and Japanese forces who wanted the Americans to take a more active part in the military intervention in Siberia.

Others
Small detachments of Poles, Serbs and Roumanians were also sent to Vladivostok between August–September 1918.

Allied intervention (1918–1919)
The joint Allied intervention began in August 1918. The first landing was by British troops in Vladivostok on 3 August. The Japanese entered through Vladivostok and points along the Manchurian border with more than 70,000 Japanese troops eventually being involved by the beginning of November. The deployment of such a large force for a rescue expedition made the Allies wary of Japanese intentions. The Americans landed their forces from 16 August-early September, eventually landing a total of 8,763 men. The British, Italian and French contingents joined the Czechs and Slovaks in an effort to re-establish the Eastern Front west of the Ural Mountains; as a result, the European allies trekked westwards. It was agreed that 543 infantrymen and machine-gunners from Ward's British unit and the other Allied units would be sent Westwards to 'be used defensively and in reserve' until the Japanese arrived in strength. The Japanese, with their own objectives in mind, refused to proceed west of Lake Baikal and stayed behind. The Americans, suspicious of Japanese intentions, also stayed behind to keep an eye on the Japanese. By November, the Japanese occupied all ports and major towns in the Russian Maritime Provinces and in Siberia east of the city of Chita.In the summer of 1918 onwards, the Japanese army lent its support to White Russian elements; the 5th infantry division and the Japanese-backed Special Manchurian Detachment of Grigory Semyonov took control over Transbaikalia and founded a short-lived White Transbaikalia government.
The Allied forces helped hold the line against the Bolsheviks in the far-east in the Ussuri River district, 70 miles north of Vladivostok. The British unit helped the Whites defend the line at Kraevesk. Outnumbered and outgunned, the small Allied forces were forced to withdraw. Two British armoured trains with two 12-pounder naval guns and two machine guns each were sent from Vladivostok as reinforcements.The British armoured trains were in action on the Ussuri front between 14–24 August 1918. Operating under a Japanese commander, the small British unit and other Allied forces played a small but important part in the battle of Dukhovskaya between 23–25 August. Five Bolshevik armed trains were attacked, supported by the British forces' own two armoured trains, and there were 600 fatal Japanese casualties. This limited but decisive action entirely eliminated organised Bolshevik resistance on the Ussuri front.The various Allied forces did not function well together, because of the underlying chaos and suspicion. In a letter to Canadian Minister of Militia and Defence Sydney Mewburn, James H. Elmsley, commander of the British and Canadian forces, gave a description of the situation:

The general situation here is an extraordinary one—at first glance one assumes that everyone distrusts everyone else—the Japs being distrusted more than anyone else. Americans and Japs don't hit it off. The French keep a very close eye on the British, and the Russians as a whole appear to be indifferent of their country's needs, so long as they can keep their women, have their vodka, and play cards all night until daylight. The Czechs appear to be the only honest and conscientious party among the Allies.

In one incident an American unit, 27th Infantry Regiment (Wolfhounds) was part of the Evgenevka incident, a face-off between the Wolfhounds and the Japanese military.
For their part, the Czechs were having difficulty fighting their way to Vladivostok on the Trans-Siberian railway. Although many had linked up with the forces at Chelyabinsk by early July 1918, the area surrounding Lake Baikal was an obstacle that needed to be overcome before the Legion could get to Vladivostok. In the area between the towns of Baikal and Kultuk on the southern point of the lake the Trans-Siberian railway ran through various tunnels, the final one of which was blown up by the Bolsheviks. The Czechs ambushed the Bolshevik forces on the east side of the tunnel and defeated them by 31 August, after which they continued along the railway towards Vladivostok.It was decided that the American forces would not in any way fight the Bolsheviks and would simply stay behind and guard the section of the Trans-Siberian railway south of Khabarovsok and protect the military stores in Vladivostok. The Americans and Japanese had become rivals in Siberia over trade, with the Japanese interests in Siberia being less concerned with supporting the White drive westwards than in commercially dominating the Russian and Chinese territory nearest to their own home islands.On 26 October, a Canadian force of about brigade size landed in Vladivostok. The Canadians believed that there would be trade benefits from establishing a friendly Russian regime. By this time, the British force had finished its journey West from Vladivostok all the way to the front lines near Omsk. The unit stayed in the city for the next six months over the cold Siberian winter. It may have played a role in the coup in the city in November 1918 which brought Admiral Kolchack to power as 'Supreme Leader' of Russia. The force went forward with the advancing Czechs and Russians and continued to provide artillery support along the railway from Omsk to Ufa in October and November. A Bolshevik offensive in December drove the White troops back, and the British armoured trains that had moved beyond Omsk to the front were forced to flee back east. In April, many of the British forces were sent back to Vladivostok, and the 12,000-mile journey was not completed until 6 May.A small British Royal Marine force would later form an important part of the 'Kama River Flotilla', a White boat unit that attacked the Bolshevik forces along the course of the river. Two vessels were found for the British to use, one a tug and the other a river barge, and four 12-pounder naval guns and one 6-inch naval gun were mounted to the boats. 35 British men were chosen to make up the small British unit, and the men and the naval guns were transported on trains from Vladivostok to the Kama river during April 1919. Between May–July, the British unit bombarded Red troop concentrations, protected bridges and provided direct fire support and attacked Bolshevik boats on the river. In one action, the flotilla sank the Bolshevik flagship on the river and destroyed one other boat. They were later driven back by the Bolshevik advance on Perm.On 28 October 1918 an independent Czech state had been declared, and this led the Czech Legion to lose any desire for fighting, since the troops now merely wanted to return to their country as free citizens. The Canadians also refused to play any part in fighting and signalled their desire to withdraw from Russia in April 1919. The last Canadian forces left Siberia on 5 June 1919.

Aftermath
Allied withdrawal (1919–1920)
In the summer of 1919, the White regime in Siberia collapsed. By August 1919, plans were made to withdraw the British forces and by 1 November the last of their troops had been withdrawn, with only the military mission remaining. During November, the Whites were being routed and the remaining Allies quickly scrambled to get out. On 12 January 1920, 12 members of the British military mission and two members of the Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force were captured when their train was captured near Krasnoyarsk as they were fleeing the Bolshevik advance. The last members of the British military mission had left Siberia by February 1920.On 7 February 1920, White leader Admiral Kolchak was executed, and in the next few months the Americans and the remaining Allied coalition partners withdrew from Vladivostok. The evacuation of the Czechoslovak Legion was also carried out in the same year.
However, the Japanese decided to stay, primarily due to fears of the spread of communism so close to Japan, and the Japanese controlled Korea and Manchuria. The Japanese were forced to sign the Gongota Agreement of 1920 in order to evacuate their troops peacefully from Transbaikal. It meant an unavoidable end to Grigory Semyonov's regime in October 1920.
The Japanese army provided military support to the Japanese-backed Provisional Priamur Government based in Vladivostok against the Moscow-backed Far Eastern Republic. The continued Japanese presence concerned the United States, which suspected that Japan had territorial designs on Siberia and the Russian Far East. Subjected to intense diplomatic pressure by the United States and the United Kingdom, and facing increasing domestic opposition due to the economic and human cost, the administration of Prime Minister Kato Tomosaburo withdrew the Japanese forces in October 1922.

Legacy
Effects on Japanese politics
Japan's motives in the Siberian intervention were complex and poorly articulated. Overtly, Japan (as with the United States and the other international coalition forces) was in Siberia to safeguard stockpiled military supplies and to "rescue" the Czechoslovak Legion. However, the Japanese government's intense hostility to communism, a determination to recoup historical losses to Russia, and the perceived opportunity to settle the "northern problem" in Japan's security by either creating a buffer state, or through outright territorial acquisition, were also factors. However, patronage of various White movement leaders left Japan in a poor diplomatic position vis-à-vis the government of the Soviet Union, after the Red Army eventually emerged victorious from the Russian Civil War. The intervention tore Japan's wartime unity to shreds, leading to the army and government being involved in bitter controversy, as well as renewed factional strife in the army itself.Japanese casualties from the Siberian Expedition included some 5,000 dead from combat or illness, and the expenses incurred were in excess of 900 million yen.

See also
North Russia intervention
Southern Russia intervention

Notes
References
Wright, Damien. "Churchill's Secret War with Lenin: British and Commonwealth Military Intervention in the Russian Civil War, 1918-20", Solihull, UK, 2017
Graves, William S. (1931). America's Siberian Adventure 1918-1920. New York: Peter Smith.
Beattie, Steuart (1957). Canadian Intervention in Russia, 1918-1919 (MA). McGill University.
Moffat, Ian C.D. The Allied Intervention in Russia, 1918–1920: The Diplomacy of Chaos (2015) excerpt
Smith, Gaddis (1959). "Canada and the Siberian Intervention, 1918–1919". The American Historical Review. 64 (4): 866–877. doi:10.2307/1905120. JSTOR 1905120.
Humphreys, Leonard A. (1996). The Way of the Heavenly Sword: The Japanese Army in the 1920s. Stanford University Press. ISBN 0-8047-2375-3.
James, Brigadier E.A. (1978). British Regiments 1914–18. London: Samson Books Limited. ISBN 0-906304-03-2.
Kinvig, Clifford (2006). Churchill's Crusade: The British Invasion of Russia, 1918–1920. Continuum International Publishing Group. ISBN 1-85285-477-4.
White, John Albert (1950). The Siberian Intervention. Princeton University Press. ISBN 9780837119762.

External links
Canada's Siberian Expedition website, by Benjamin Isitt
WWI Siberian Diary, by W.C. Jones,  2nd Lt. U.S Army Russian Railway Service
The Czech LegionCarbon12 is a wooden building in Portland, Oregon's Eliot neighborhood, in the United States. The eight-story structure built with Oregon-made cross-laminated timber (CLT) became the tallest wood building in the United States upon its completion.Carbon12 is an 85 ft. (26 m) mixed-use building situated on the corner of North Williams Avenue and 12 Northeast Fremont Street. It was designed, developed, and built by Ben Kaiser of PATH Architecture and Kaiser Group Inc., using CLT panels made by Structurlam. With a rooftop deck, the height is 95 ft. (29 m). Work on the Carbon12 started in July 2016, and it was completed in 2018. It is named after the atomic weight of carbon (12 AMU), as the carbon footprint was one of the primary motivators to choose timber and its street address (12 NE Fremont St.). The Carbon12 building is advertised to be one of the most efficient and environmentally friendly wooden buildings in the U.S.

History
While the use of timber frames for constructing 1-2 story buildings is typical in many countries (see: timber framing), antiquated building codes in the United States discouraged wood frame construction in 5-floor buildings or higher for many years. With the advancement of science, construction technologies and innovation have led to engineered wood products with load capacities stronger than steel and fire resilience beyond those required to meet US building code standards. These improved qualities, alongside the historical construction of tall wood buildings in Europe, have led to an acceptance of wood in US construction, and new building codes are being proposed to adjust for thisThe Carbon12 building ran in the USDA's Tall Wood Buildings contest (2014) but did not win the prize. However, Kaieser+Path decided to build it anyway and owned the proposed building site, a competition requirement. This building was subject to the 2015 International Building Code (IBC), under Type III-A construction which limits wood buildings to six stories with height 85’ but designers planned for 8 stories, which led to extra time and cost in getting approvals as the City of Portland had never reviewed a tall CLT project before. In the end, City and state officials waived restrictive codes under the IBC section 104.11 for Alternate materials and method requests (AMMR). They were responsible for reviewing the building's structural and safety aspects through a performance-based analysis. Oregon Governor Kate Brown was present when the building reached its peak height. The Carbon12 is acclaimed as a booster for Oregon's timber industry.Given the rising popularity of wood construction, Carbon12's title of the tallest wood building in the United States is already being challenged by a 148 feet (45 m), 11-floor wood-framing building in Portland, Framework,(USDA winning proposal)  under construction.

Building details
The building measures 85 feet (26 m) high for 8 floors, with two ground-floor retail spaces that activate the neighborhood beneath 14 condominium units (2 units per floor). Each unit has a recessed balcony and a dedicated elevator entrance. It has an underground Automated parking system, which is remote controlled that moves cars to their parking spots on a conveyor system. The building employs mass timber, glued laminated timber (glulam), and CLT (cross-laminated timber) in its structural system. Steel is used in the core and for connecting braces, and concrete for the basement, ground floor, and garage (automated garage).The spacious, 1,600 square-foot wood-filled residences feature floor-to-ceiling glass and light-filled open-floor plans, equipped with seismic alarm technology and spacious patios. There are no shared walls between units that provide a similar acoustic experience as living in a detached single-family home.Residents of the Carbon12 have given interviews describing the building as "beautiful" and "bright". Few residents were happy with their savings on utilities, commuting expenses, and some residents have also applauded the building's commitment to universal design, which accommodates individuals who are not typically considered in the use of a building and might otherwise find themselves unable to access areas of a structure or their home.

Environmental features
Carbon12 is constructed with sustainably harvested and certified CLT, a renewable structural building material that sequesters carbon and acts as a natural insulator that dampens sound and holds in warmth. 132 tons of carbon were sequestered in the CLT, glulam columns and beams of Carbon12. Additionally, having exposed wood interiors provide biophilic experiences, and timber's ability to char delivers natural fire protection. Furthermore, Carbon12 uses a Buckling-restrained brace frame system to handle an earthquake or other natural disasters.The building's design makes it environmentally friendly, using technologies such as floor-to-ceiling insulated fiberglass windows to reduce thermal bridging and maximize natural daylight. An efficient lighting system using LED lights with remote control systems and sensors for common areas.The use of solar panels on the roof for the hot water system and exterior lighting reduces damage to the environment by decreasing the amount of fossil fuel needed for the building's domestic, which lowers the amount of greenhouse gas produced and Utility bills. The exterior of the property features clad in vertically striated metal paneling, and a deep cut in façade, drawing light into the central interiors, like a shaft of sunlight penetrating a dense forest.Carbon12 uses an electric LG Variable Refrigerant Flow system (VRF), an interconnected system that shares the load, making it efficient. The waste produced during the construction process was less due to the modular construction but still recycled and used as biofuel.

Construction
The building was constructed by PATH + Kaiser group from Portland, which also did work on the Radiator building, Oregon (Mass timber building). Munzing structural engineering, LLC provided the best solutions to integrate steel and wood systems in the building.
The primary structure is CLT, which was fabricated at the Structurlam production facilities in Penticton, British Columbia. CLT was made up of many layers of adhered lumber boards stacked at 90° angles for better structural rigidity in both directions. These large panels can be made up to 12 feet wide by 60 feet long. Glulam beams and columns were CNC framed for steel connections based on the CadWork 3D model.
Before mass timber was fabricated, Kaiser+Path designed a mini-Carbon12 cross-section to ensure the look, constructability, and mobility. when the mock-up arrived at the site, it was installed and evaluated. Also, It identified the tolerance levels to ensure a tight fit.
Following excavation and construction of the foundation, a steel frame erected two stories high, to which timber components were anchored. The whole thing was sequenced. Upon truck arrival, Glulam beams and columns and CrossLam panels were lifted by a tower crane directly from the truck bed into position. Each component was labeled and designated for a specific location in the structure. As everything was prefabricated, very few workers were needed, which means less cost, improved safety, better coordination, and added accountability. Construction was quick, and less waste on-site was observed due to its prefabrication and modular installation. Each floor was assembled in five days. CLT is not cheap, but cost savings were made due to construction speed and reduced waste.Mass timber can be installed in any temperature and weather condition. Still, when it rained almost constantly for a few weeks, breathable SBS sheets were used, and fans circulated warm air to bring the moisture in the CLT down to the acceptable levels.A combination of materials was used for the acoustic system to meet the code demand of STC and IIC ratings of 60 and above the code minimum of 50 for residential use. So, Kaiser+Path hired multiple subcontractors to install the initial insulation and base layers, another to install the gypsum concrete topping slab, and finally, one more to install the finished floor products.Carbon12 was built using a design-build approach with the subcontractors for the Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, and Fire systems (MEPF). So they were involved in the predesign phase itself, which helped them create a sequencing plan to install their systems without impeding other's work. As the floors were identical, improvements were made as they progressed.Because the 2015 Oregon building code did not account for tall timber buildings (8 stories), designers showed the building's safety aspects through computer simulations and modeling. Moreover, sensors were placed beneath the building to monitor the building performance.

Recognition and legacy
In Feb 2019, Carbon12 was the recipient of the 2019 Wood Design Awards (Best multi-family wood design) awarded by the Woodworks.
In 2017, the building was featured in the Portland business journal and Daily journal of commerce as the year's transformational project.As Carbon12 was permitted on the special provision, its performance is monitored by the Colorado School of Mines. This engineering data was somewhat useful in making changes in the 2021 IBC code permitting up to 18 stories. The firm is now in the design and research phase for The Spar, which aspires to become the tallest mass timber building globally, with 36 stories and almost 600,000 sq. ft. of office and commercial space.

See also
ATLAS-I the largest wooden structure, made from glued laminated timber
Framework (building)
List of tallest wooden buildings

References
External links
Project presentation
CLT HandbookRuslan Faritovich Ayukin (Russian: Руслан Фаритович Аюкин; born 9 February 1994) is a Russian football player who plays for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny.

Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny on 17 July 2021 in a game against FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo.

References
External links
Ruslan Ayukin at Soccerway
Ruslan Ayukin at Sportbox.ru (in Russian)
Profile by Russian Football National LeagueThe Miskito pine forests ecoregion (WWF ID:NT0306) covers lowland pine forests and savanna along much of the Mosquito Coast in northeastern Nicaragua and southeastern Honduras.  Pines are adapted to grow in the poor soil, relative to the surrounding moist forest, and repeated burning have left one species – the Caribbean pine – dominant.  Although the ecoregion receives high levels of rain (over 2,500 mm/year), the hard soils, repeated burning, and exposure to hurricanes have left expanses of 'pine savanna' and seasonal wetlands.  The area is thinly settled by humans and there is little crop agriculture.

Location and description
The northern section of the ecoregion is centered on the Coco River that separates Honduras from Nicaragua.  A strip of land on the northern side of the river is in the Central American Atlantic moist forests ecoregion, as is most of the territory to the west where the soil and rainfall are richer.  The ecoregion reaches 160 km inland on the southern side of the Coco River.  The southern section reaches almost to Pearl Lagoon halfway down the east coast of Nicaragua.  Along the coast where there are salt-water wetlands the ecoregion grades into the Mesoamerican Gulf-Caribbean mangroves ecoregion.

Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification (Am)).  This climate is characterized by relatively even temperatures throughout the year (all months being greater than 18 °C (64 °F) average temperature), and a pronounced dry season.  The driest month has less than 60 mm of precipitation, but more than (100-(average/25) mm.  This climate is mid-way between a tropical rainforest and a tropical savanna.    Precipitation averages 2,500 mm/year. The pronounced dry season runs from mid-February to May.

Flora and fauna
Much of the area is savanna-like, with shrub cover and open forest covering almost a third of the territory.  30% is closed forest, mostly broadleaf evergreen, and 30% is herbaceous wetlands.  Pines are found more commonly on the higher, better drained ground, with islands of palmetto and scrub in the open areas.  The wetlands include seasonally inundated flats with shrub and palmettos, and poorly-drained areas over clay soil supporting sedges and palmettos.  The "bush line" that separates the savanna-like pine forest from the taller evergreen moist forest of the interior is relatively abrupt, following a line a richer soil rather than topography.Historically, expanses of open territory were maintained by burning.  The dry season in February-May was accompanied by fast ground fires that burned off the cover without killing the roots of grasses and sedges, which then sprouted with the increase in showers.    The area is also affected by the hurricane season that peaks in September and October.

Protected areas
Approximately 16% of the ecoregion is officially protected.  These protected areas include:

Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve
Llanos de Karawala Natural Reserve
Cabo Viejo-Tala-Sulamas Natural Reserve


Dichomeris sciodora is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Assam, India.The wingspan is about 13 mm (0.51 in). The forewings are pale ochreous yellowish, with the costa minutely strigulated with blackish from the base to three small blackish marks at two-thirds. There is some grey sprinkling along the dorsum and a roundish spot of greyish suffusion in the disc at one-fifth. The stigmata is dark fuscous, the plical beneath the first discal. There is also a transverse median patch of light greyish suffusion crossing the wing but not reaching the costa, as well as some greyish strigulation crossing the wing at three-fourths. There is an irregular terminal streak of blackish-grey mottling, thickest below the apex. The hindwings are grey.


WQBN (1300 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. Licensed to Temple Terrace, Florida, United States, it serves the Tampa Bay area. The station is currently owned by Radio Tropical, Inc. It is the former home for Tampa Bay Devil Rays baseball in Spanish.

FM Translator
WQBN programming is simulcast on an FM translator to improve coverage, especially during the hours between sunset and sunrise when the AM station broadcasts with only 16 watts.  The translator also provides high fidelity sound, inherent on FM.

External links
WQBN in the FCC AM station database
WQBN on Radio-Locator
WQBN in Nielsen Audio's AM station databasehttp://www.q1300.comTong Suet-Fong (Chinese: 唐 雪舫) (born 13 December 1924) is a Taiwanese basketball player. He competed as part of the Republic of China's squad at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

References
External links
Tong Suet-Fong at FIBA
Tong Suet-Fong at FIBA
Tong Suet-Fong at FIBA
Tong Suet-Fong at Basketball-Reference.com
Tong Suet-Fong at OlympediaThis is a list of ski areas and resorts in South Korea. Total eighteen ski areas and resorts are located in South Korea including the temporarily closed ski resorts.

Gangwon-do
Alpensia
Alps Resort – temporarily closed
Elysian Gangchon
High1
Jeongseon Alpine Centre
Oak Valley (Korean website)
O2 Resort
Phoenix Pyeongchang
Vivaldi Park
Welli Hilli Park
Yongpyong Resort

Gyeonggi-do
Bears Town (Korean website)
Jisan Forest Resort
Konjiam Resort
Star Hill Resort (Korean website)
Yangji Pine Resort

Other regions
Jeollabuk-do
Muju Resort

Gyeongsangnam-do
Eden Valley Resort (Korean website)

See also
List of ski areas and resorts
List of ski areas and resorts in Japan

References
External links
Ski Resort Business Association of Korea – 회원사 소개 (in Korean)Chegha Meleh (Persian: چغامله, also Romanized as Cheghā Meleh; also known as Chaughāmale, Cheqāmeleh, Chūghāmeleh, and Chūqām ‘alī) is a village in Jannat Makan Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 497, in 81 families.


River City Labs is an Australian coworking space and accelerator founded in 2012.

History
River City Labs was founded by tech entrepreneur Steve Baxter to support the entrepreneurial scene in Queensland. River City Labs provides a coworking space, mentoring, workshops and other services to help members develop their concepts into businesses.In 2015, River City Labs was able to expand into the accelerator space, dubbed RCL Accelerator, due to a partnership with the Telstra backed muru-D accelerator program. In late 2015 River City Labs announced plans to double in size. In 2017 Shoes of Prey co-founder Mike Knapp and Reload Media Founder Llew Jury were appointed joint Entrepreneurs-in-Residence (EIR) In 2017, River City Labs more than doubled in size after moving into the T.C. Beirne Building, as part of the Queensland Government's Startup Precinct initiative. Other tenants include the CSIRO's Data61.


Agumatsa is a mountain range in Ghana which includes the country's highest points, Mount Aduadu, and the nearby Mount Afadja. The popular tourist attraction, Wli waterfalls is within the range. The range also contains a conservation area, the Mount Afadja-Agumatsa Range.


Chippenham Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club located in Chippenham, Wiltshire. Chippenham has three senior teams, supported by a full set of mini and junior sides. The first team currently plays in South West 1 East, a level six league in the English rugby union league system while the second and third teams play in Dorset & Wilts 1 North and Dorset & Wilts 3 North respectively (level 8 and 10).

Honours
1st team:

Berks/Dorset/Wilts 2 champions: 1987–88
Southern Counties South champions: 1998–99
South West 2 (east v west) promotion play-off winners: 2004–05
South West 1 East champions (2): 2007–08, 2014–15
Tribute South West Division 1 West champions: 2010–112nd team:

Dorset & Wilts 1 North champions (2): 2011–12, 2012–13

Touch rugby
Chippenham Cheetahs

External links
Official websiteThe 1977 West Texas State Buffaloes football team was an American football team that represented West Texas State University (now known as West Texas A&M University) as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference during the 1977 NCAA Division I football season. In their first year under head coach Bill Yung, the team compiled a 6–4–1 record (4–1 in the MVC).

Schedule


The Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad Company (S.&I.E.R.R.Co.) was an electrified interurban railway operating in Spokane, Washington and vicinity, extending into northern and central Idaho. The system originated in several predecessor roads beginning c. 1890, incorporated in 1904, and ran under its own name to 1929. It merged into the Great Northern Railway and later, the Burlington Northern Railroad, which operated some roads into the 1980s.

History
One of the earliest components of Spokane's early interurban system was the Spokane and Montrose Street Railway, a narrow-gauge system with the distinction of being the first motorized street railway in Spokane.  Its owner, in 1893, was Francis H. Cook (1851–1920). Cook, 

embarrassed by the Panic of 1893, sold the line to a group of Spokane businessmen headed by Jay P. Graves (1859–1948) in 1902. 
Prior to this Graves and his partners had bought Cook's foreclosed land holdings in the Spokane area.)
Graves and partners from Portland, Oregon, reorganized the Spokane and Montrose as the Spokane Traction Company on February 1, 1903, incorporated it as the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad Company in 1904, and rebuilt it as a standard gauge line. The routes were extended  through various areas of Spokane, including Corbin Park, Hillyard and Lincoln Heights. Initially, power for the line was purchased from the Washington Water Power Company. However, in 1909, Graves built a hydroelectric dam at Nine Mile Falls, Washington. This went on to power not only Spokane Traction and the Spokane and Inland Empire, but also sold surplus power locally.
During this same period, Idaho Lumberman Frederick A. Blackwell (1852–1922) organized the Coeur d’Alene and Spokane Railway. Operating in conjunction with the Graves' lines in 1903 it formed a route between Spokane and Lake Coeur d'Alene in northern Idaho. Together, Graves and Blackwell developed properties along this line. "To increase summer and holiday ridership," historian Laura Arksey notes, "Graves and Blackwell opened beaches and amusement parks on Coeur d’Alene, Hayden, and Liberty lakes." The electric railway platform in Coeur d'Alene was built onto the docks to connect with steamboats on Lake Coeur d'Alene. 

Blackwell and Graves, together with James J. Hill of the Great Northern Railway, pushed the interurban lines to the south into the Palouse Country, eventually reaching Colfax, Washington, and Moscow, Idaho. This extension was operated under the name Spokane and Inland Empire. In 1908, Spokane Traction was sold to the Spokane and Inland Empire, but operated as a separate division. Hill purchased the Spokane and Inland Empire in 1909, retaining Graves as local president. Spokane and Inland Empire gradually reduced electric-powered passenger operations. In 1909, two Spokane and Inland Empire trains collided head on at Gibbs, Idaho (Near Coeur d'Alene) killing 16 people and injuring over 100. This was the deadliest railroad accident in the state of Idaho.According to the Spokane Spokesman-Review, the Spokane and Inland Empire was folded into the Great Northern Railway in 1929. Spokane Traction and its competing passenger lines operated by Washington Water Power were merged in 1922, forming Spokane United Railways. This company began a slow conversion to bus service, ending electric rail operations in 1936. The last electric line run to Moscow was recorded in April, 1939, and the last electric line run to Coeur d'Alene came in July, 1940.
In his history of the Spokane and Inland Empire, author Clive Carter asserts that although the interurban lines were financially unstable and expensive to operate, the outright purchase was warranted due to the large traffic the lines fed into the Great Northern system. This thinking led Hill to his purchase of the lines in 1909. However, following the Burlington Northern Railroad merger of 1970, the old interurban system was unprofitable and/or redundant (much of it was paralleled by routes of the former Northern Pacific Railway) and the Spokane and Inland Empire system was scrapped almost in its entirety between 1970 and 1985.

Preservation
There are no known Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad cars preserved.

Rails to Trails
Several Trails incorporate the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad right-of-way.

The Centennial Trail between Coeur d'Alene and Spokane often follows the former Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad.
The Ben Burr Trail follows the Spokane and Inland Empire railway in the Palouse.

Preserved Structures
Several structures of the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad still stand.

The frequency changing station on South Hill still stands and has been converted into condos.
The substation in Coeur d'Alene still stands and is now the Human Rights Education Center.
The Car-barns in Spokane are occupied by the office of McKinstry Corp. today.

See also
Steamboats on Lake Coeur d'Alene
Great Northern Railway
Frequency Changing Station
Westinghouse
Brill Motor Company
Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway

References
Arksey, Laura. "Jay P. Graves (1858-1948)." Web page, http://www.historylink.org/index.cfm?DisplayPage=output.cfm&file_id=7721. Accessed January 17, 2012.
Carter, Clive (2009). Inland Empire Electric Line: Spokane to the Coeur d'Alene and the Palouse. Coeur d'Alene, ID: Museum of North Idaho Publications. ISBN 978-0972335683.
No author. "McKinstry finds a way to restore early Spokane railway history." Spokane [Wash.] Spokesman-Review, June 2, 2010. Web page http://www.spokesman.com/blogs/officehours/2010/jun/02/mckinstry-finds-way-restor-early-spokane-railway-history/. Accessed January 17, 2012.

External Links
Spokane, Coeur d'Alene and Palouse Gallery at Don's DepotThis is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Allandale in Victorian state elections.

Members for Allandale
Election results
Elections in the 1950s
Elections in the 1940s
Two party preferred vote was estimated.

Elections in the 1930s
Elections in the 1920s


Asian Highway 86 (AH86) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 247 km (154 miles) from Aşkale to Trabzon, Turkey. The route is concurrent with European route E97 The route is as follows:

Turkey
 D.915 Road D915: Aşkale - Bayburt
 D.050 Road D050: Bayburt - Gümüşhane
 D.885 Road D885: Gümüşhane - TrabzonBilly Ngawini (born 24 August 1981) is an Italian international rugby union footballer who plays for Rugby Rovigo Delta in the Top12 and Amlin Challenge Cup in Europe.
He has previously played in the National Provincial Championship and rugby league in the National Rugby League for the Canterbury Bulldogs and the Gold Coast Titans. He is well known in the rugby world for his stepping ability.

Background
Ngawini was born in Auckland, New Zealand. He is now a naturalised Italian.

Early career
Ngawini began his career in rugby union, having been contracted to the Waikato Chiefs Super 12 franchise for four years beginning 2001. In 2001 he was also selected in the All Black 7s training squad with the likes of Joe Rokocoko and Eric Rush.
Ngawini switched to rugby league in 2004, attracting national media attention in a standout performance for the NZ A side that beat the Kangaroo XIII in a 2005 Test.Ngawini featured in Ngati NRL documentary on Maori TV, which follows a number of Maori boys trying to crack the Australian NRL competition.

Bulldogs career
Debut: Vs Parramatta – 14 May 2006  
Dog Years: (2) 2006, 2007
Ngawini joined the Canterbury Bulldogs in 2006 as a halfback, but was developed into playing at hooker.
He received the opportunity to play in the NRL in Round 10 against the Parramatta Eels. He went on to play a further two games in the top grade against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks the following week and then in Round 14 against the Canberra Raiders.

Gold Coast Titans
Ngawini moved from the Bulldogs to the Gold Coast Titans for the 2008 NRL season.
Debut: vs Wests Tigers, 7 September 2008

Gold Coast Breakers
Ngawini left the Gold Coast Titans at the end of the 2008 NRL season to move back to rugby union, and began the transition by joining the Gold Coast Breakers squad in the Queensland Premier Rugby.
Debut: Vs Souths – 4 April 2009
He made an exciting start to the 2009 season for the Breakers, playing at fullback and first-five. His excellent footwork, fast pace, accurate passing and deft offloads assisted in many scoring plays. Helped the Breakers climb to second in the competition table after eleven rounds.
Despite only playing the first half of the season (due to his move to Leinster), Ngawini had the third highest number of votes in the Alec Evans Medal for the best and fairest player in the Queensland Premier Rugby.
During his time playing rugby union on the Gold Coast, he was also selected to play for the Queensland Reds 2nd XV.

Leinster Rugby
He played with Leinster Rugby at the beginning of the 2009–10 Magners League. He was selected for the Leinster squad for the pre-season match vs Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing, scoring an impressive try in the 66th minute on debut for Leinster. He also played for Leinster versus London Irish.
Visa issues prevented his continuation with Leinster.

Nice Rugby
Ngawini signed with Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université-Racing (RNCA) in 2009.

Italian Super 10
After three hugely successful years with Rugby Club I Cavalieri Prato including a well publicised performance against Stade Francais in the Amlin Challenge Cup, Ngawini moved to Rugby Rovigo Delta as part of an extensive recruitment drive by the club.
He quickly became a crowd favourite at Rugby Rovigo Delta, scoring 15 tries in his first season alone, winning the accolade of most tries scored in Italy in the 2013/14 season.

Wicklow RFC
For the 2017/2018 season he joined Irish Junior rugby team Wicklow Town RFC, playing in Leinster Division 1A, deploying his step alongside such greats as Dean H Leonard and Tommy O Donovan. Playing at scrum half and winger Billy scored many tries and received many many yellow cards.

References
External links
Gold Coast Titans profile
Bulldogs profile
Cavalieri profileDavid Steel (5 October 1910 – 11 November 2002) was a Church of Scotland minister.

Biography
From 1949 to 1957 he was minister of St Andrew's Church, Nairobi, Kenya. For much of that time, the then British Colony of Kenya was in civil unrest due to the Mau Mau Uprising. Steel deplored the violence of the Mau Mau, but came to believe that the colonial government's response – which included detentions without trial and many executions – was disproportionate and immoral. 
In January 1955 he spoke out against government policy in a sermon at St Andrew's Church. The local English-language newspaper criticised Steel's intervention in politics, in an editorial titled "Who will rid us of this turbulent priest?", thus implicitly drawing a parallel between Steel and Thomas Becket.
Steel also helped to secure the early release of a number of detainees.Steel returned to Scotland in 1957, and spent the rest of his ministry there, serving as minister at St. Michael's Parish Church, Linlithgow. He was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1974–75. He retired in 1976, and died in Edinburgh in 2002, aged 92.

Personal life
One of his sons, also David Steel, now Lord Steel of Aikwood, is a British formerly Liberal Democrat politician and former party leader.


The 2004 Delaware Democratic presidential primary was held on February 3, 2004 as part of the 2004 United States Democratic presidential primaries. Frontrunner John Kerry easily won the primary while Senator Joe Lieberman came second.
As the primary approached Joe Lieberman said that victory in the Delaware primary was required in order for his campaign to continue. He had visited the state four times and got the endorsement of Democratic senator Thomas R. Carper. After his defeat in the primary Lieberman withdrew from the race for the nomination.Exit polls showed that over half of voters who took part in the primary said they were 'angry' with the administration of George W. Bush and over 80% said they opposed the decision to go to war with Iraq.

Polling
Source: Delaware - 2004 Presidential Polls

Results
Source: 2004 Presidential Democratic Primary Election Results - Delaware


McGee and Me! is an American Christian television series created by Ken C. Johnson and Bill Myers. The series premiered on June 4, 1989, spanning twelve episodes and one special until its conclusion on June 11, 1995.  Each half-hour-long episode centers on Nicholas, his cartoon friend, McGee, and the moral lessons they learn as Nick grows up after moving to a new town.  McGee and Me! deals with issues such as honesty ("The Big Lie"), bullying ("Skate Expectations"), and faith in God ("Twister and Shout").

Premise
McGee and Me! stars Nicholas Martin, an 11-year-old aspiring artist and cartoonist who lives with his family in the town of Eastfield, Indiana. His father, David, is a newspaper journalist while his mother, Elizabeth, works at a counseling center. Nick, his parents, his older sister Sarah, and their younger sister Jamie, all first move to Eastfield in the first episode, moving into their grandmother's house to live with her. Nick often spends his time drawing and conversing with his imaginary friend, an animated cartoon character named McGee, who has wacky adventures of his own and serves as Nick's constant companion and confidant. Nick's life is constantly challenged by worldly trials and tribulations that put his morals and convictions to the test, with Nick learning valuable lessons along the way and, at times, facing the consequences of his actions.
His friends include Louis Armstrong, a streetwise kid and Nick's best friend, Renee Johnson, a pretty girl and a good student who hangs out with Nick and Louis, Phillip Monroe, a young "nerdy" boy in Nick's class who's very smart and sometimes picked on by older kids, and, in the last two episodes, Jordan Michaels, an athletic football-playing student who's also into computer graphics. In the first nine episodes, Nick's main adversary is Derrick Cryder, a bully who constantly picks on Nick, Phillip, and other kids, but by the end of the Christmas episode, he reforms when he saves Nick from a gang member after Nick shows him kindness. Derrick later serves as a voice of reason for Nick in Episode 12 after Nick strains his friendship with his other friends.
The first nine episodes feature Nick in waning years of elementary school, while the final three episodes, titled The New Adventures of McGee and Me!, see Nick enter junior high school. Though, the actors at the time were much older than their characters' ages, giving Nick the appearance of a high schooler instead, due to the final three episodes having been produced a couple of years after the first nine.

Cast
Martin family
Joseph Dammann as Nicholas "Nick" Martin: The series' protagonist. A kid cartoonist who regularly faces moral decisions in everyday life.
Ken C. Johnson as voice of McGee: Nick's goofy cartoon creation, conscience, and imaginary friend. Though he often provides Nick with good advice, he also sometimes gets Nick into trouble. McGee is also the star of the series' animated segments, some of which represent glimpses of Nick's imagination. Ken C. Johnson also voices all other animated characters in the series.
Terry Bozeman as David Martin: Nick's father. He works as a newspaper journalist. David and his wife are often trying to set a good example for their kids, guiding Nick along the way to do what's right and follow God's plan. In "Take Me Out of the Ball Game," he briefly becomes obsessed with winning a Little League Baseball championship game, putting all his faith in the team's star player in hopes of beating the opposing team, which happened to be coached by a rival of his. David learns a hard lesson about payback and misplaced faith when his team loses the game as a result.
Vaughn Taylor as Elizabeth Martin: Nick's mother. She works at a counseling center. Like her husband, Liz wants to raise her kids on a righteous path and helps to guide Nick to do the right things. In "A Star in the Breaking," she learns a lesson in humility when she discovers that the job she was hoping to get at the counseling center turns out to be for secretarial work answering phone calls.
Sarah Dammann as Sarah Martin: Nick's older sister. She often picks on Nick as older siblings do, but ultimately has a good heart and, at times, advises Nick to make good choices when she sees him succumbing to negative influences. She is played by Joseph Dammann's actual sister.
Chelsea Hertford as Jamie Martin: Nick's younger sister. She looks up to Nick for his artistic skills, but can sometimes act like a brat. When Nick becomes conceited for being chosen to be on a game show in the episode "A Star in the Breaking," his rude behavior puts off his other friends and he yells at Jamie, but in the end, she is the first and only one willing to forgive him.
Eve Brenner as Grandma Martin: Nick's grandmother, whom the family lives with. In "Back to the Drawing Board," she helps Nick to put aside his jealousy of his artistic classmate, Todd Burton, and to focus on what he and Todd have in common.
Poundcake as Whatever: The Martin family dog. Whatever often gets into things he shouldn't be. Despite McGee being from Nick's imagination, Whatever can see and interact with him too, with McGee even scaring off Whatever a few times.

Nick's friends
Brent Kelly as Louis Armstrong: Nick's smooth-talking, wise-guy best friend. He befriends Nick after saving him from nearly getting beaten up by Derrick in the first episode. He is unsure about his faith and has a tendency to exaggerate the truth about things, but generally tries to be a good friend to Nick. While his last name is never given in the show or its credits, when his parents debut in Episode 8, they are each given the surname of "Armstrong", making Louis' name a pun based on Louis Armstrong (but with Louis's first name spoken like "Lewis" instead of "Louie"). Louis doesn't appear in The New Adventures series, having apparently moved from Eastfield to Indianapolis between Episodes 9 and 10, but does still keep in touch with Nick, as evidenced by Nick conversing with him over the telephone in "Beauty in the Least".
Johnny Green as Derrick Cryder: A bully that Nick regularly has problems with. Derrick is initially presented as violent and malicious, willing to beat up anyone who crosses him and prone to threatening others. He and Nick are constantly at odds throughout the first nine episodes, but Derrick reforms by the end of the Christmas episode after Nick shows him compassion. He ends up saving Nick's life when Nick is attacked by gang member Ray, whom Derrick fights off. In Episode 12, Derrick watches Nick from afar and confronts him when he sees Nick has forsaken his friends for a new crew, who send Nick down the wrong path, with Derrick becoming the voice of reason for Nick, and helping him make up with his real friends.
Shaylisa Hurte as Renee Johnson: Another friend and classmate of both Nick and Louis. She is pretty, smart, a good student, and has the ability to match wits with Derrick's snark and bullying, snapping back at him with quips and comebacks that put him in his place. Her parents divorced when she was 10 years old, with her father moving out to California.
Whitby Hertford as Phillip Monroe: Introduced as a school geek who frequently gets picked on by Derrick. He eventually becomes another friend of Nick and Renee. By The New Adventures, he has become a fully-fledged member of Nick's circle of friends, along with Renee and Jordan. While Derrick is no longer a bully at this point, Phillip still feels intimidated by him, as seen in "The Blunder Years". His actor, Whit Hertford, is the real-life brother of Jamie's actress, Chelsea Hertford.
Sonny Kelly as Jordan Michaels: Another friend of Nick's who replaces Louis for The New Adventures episodes (fittingly, Sonny Kelly is the younger brother of Louis' actor Brent). Jordan plays on the junior high's football team and is into computer graphics. He has an easygoing, sarcastic personality but also strong sense of loyalty.

Other characters
John Paul Sipla as Troy: The most frequently seen of Derrick's crew of bullies. Troy appears in "The Big Lie", "Skate Expectations", "Back to the Drawing Board" (in an uncredited appearance), and "Take Me Out of the Ball Game"; the latter of which being the first and only time he is credited with an actual name, as his previous appearances credited him only as "Derrick's Dork".
Linda Dangcil as Mrs. Harmon: The elementary school teacher of Nick, Louis, Renee, Phillip, and Derrick. She is caring and considerate and wants her students to succeed and always give their best at what they do. She is first mentioned as Nick's teacher in "A Star in the Breaking", but does not actually appear until "Skate Expectations". She reveals in "Twas the Fight Before Christmas" that Derrick had previously failed her class the year before and that this is currently his second year taking her class. She also appears in "Back to the Drawing Board" and "Do the Bright Thing".
Joe Bonny as Coach Gus Slayter: He is the elementary school's gym teacher and football coach. A large, intimidating man, Nick claims that the students actually really like him because "[they] were afraid not to." In the first episode, he catches Nick standing in the hall trying to find his homeroom class, and mistakenly thinks Nick is playing hooky. Later, when some boys make graffiti of Coach Slayter at recess, they pass their spray paint cans off to Nick, whom Coach Slayter sees with the cans and assumes Nick was the one who made the graffiti. In Episode 2, Coach Slayter substitutes for Mrs. Harmon in her absence, during which he is revealed to be somewhat illiterate, struggling with the word "Aluminum" before he decides to postpone the class's spelling test in favor of him telling the students about one of his football plays. He appears only in the first two episodes.
Stephen Burks as Mr. Oliver: The elementary school's principal. He first appears in "A Star in the Breaking", in which he walks in on Nick's class as Coach Slayter is substituting to congratulate Nick on his getting chosen to appear on the game show Trash TV, and that he and the others will be rooting for him to win. In "Twas the Fight Before Christmas", he informs Mrs. Harmon about Derrick's having some serious problems at home, which would explain Derrick's recent misbehavior and lack of showing up to rehearsals for the school's Christmas pageant. Mr. Oliver only appears in these two episodes.
Robert Crow as Bob Armstrong: Louis's father. In "Take Me Out of the Ball Game", he and his wife attend Louis and Nick's little league baseball games. In "Twas the Fight Before Christmas" Bob and his wife both attend the school's Christmas pageant and assist with the pageant's rehearsals.
Connie Fredericks as Barbara Armstrong: Louis's mother. In "Take Me Out of the Ball Game", she and her husband attend Louis and Nick's little league baseball games. In "Twas the Fight Before Christmas" Barbara and her husband both attend the school's Christmas pageant and assist with the pageant's rehearsals.
Amy Allen as Carol Johnson: Renee's mother who works as a member of the press, possibly with Nick's father. Carol has allowed her faith to wane, as she mentions having not prayed in a while, presumably since her divorce. She appears only in "Twister and Shout".
John Sanderford as Ted Johnson: Renee's father and Carol's ex-husband. Ted and Carol divorced when Renee was ten, with Ted moving out of Eastfield over to California. Since then, Ted hasn't gotten to spend much time with Renee and, much to Renee's chagrin, dotes on her too much when the two of them go on a mountain climbing trip together with Nick, Phillip, and their fathers. He appears only in the episode "In the Nick of Time".
Jerry Houser as Phil Monroe: Phillip's father. He is a fun-loving practical joker who loves to play pranks on people, but his son does not share his same sense of humor. He appears only in the episode "In the Nick of Time".
Carol Lawrence as Mrs. Pryce: The principal of Eastfield Junior High, which is attended by Nick, Renee, Phillip, Jordan and Derrick. Mrs. Pryce, herself, also attended the school twenty-five years ago, alongside both of Nick's parents. She appears only in "The Blunder Years".

Guest characters
Frank Sotonoma Salsedo as George Ravenhill: An elderly Native American who lives in an old, rundown house in the neighborhood. Louis tells Nick rumors about Mr. Ravenhill, that he's "a crazy Indian" who eats live animals, and that anything that goes into his house never comes back out. According to Nick's grandmother, Mr. Ravenhill is actually a sweet old man who takes care of injured animals, and that his house is in such bad shape because he has arthritis so bad that he can barely get himself around. He appears only in "The Big Lie".
Jimmy Aleck as Bill Banter: Host of the TV game show Trash TV, which features messy competitions in the style of the Nickelodeon game show Double Dare. He and the show only appear in "A Star in the Breaking".
Stacey Storr as Amy Packer: She is the Trash TV contestant who was picked to be on the show along with Nick. She and Nick compete against each other in the game show's events, with Nick besting Amy in the first event, but Amy defeats Nick in every one of the remaining challenges, making her the winner. She only appears in "A Star in the Breaking" (in which she has no lines of dialogue).
Curtis Graham as Andy: A friend of Sarah's with whom she wants to go play miniature golf instead of babysitting a neighbor's daughter in "Skate Expectations" (his only appearance). Andy also has a brother named Patrick who, presumably, attends school with Nick.
Chris Demetral as Todd Burton: A new student who moves to Eastfield and joins Nick's class in "Back to the Drawing Board" (his only appearance). Like Nick, he is an aspiring artist and draws his own cartoon character, a large robot named Jawbreaker. Nick becomes jealous of Todd's talents when he sees all the other kids, including Derrick, liking Todd's Jawbreaker drawings instead of his own drawings of McGee. McGee also faces off against Jawbreaker in an animated fantasy sequence, but McGee is able to outwit the brutish robot. After receiving some advice from his grandmother, Nick is able to put aside his jealousy and make peace with Todd, with the two developing a mutual respect for each other's talents.
Dick Van Patten as Graham: Owner of Graham's Art Store, where he has an art table in stock that Nick considers purchasing in "Do the Bright Thing" (his only appearance). He has a friendly personality and a good sense of humor.
Herb Mitchell as Harvey Stover: An arrogant and competitive little league coach, he manages the Freeland Dodgers during the All State Regional Championship, playing against Nick and his father's team, the Eastfield Braves. He had also managed the team that beat the Braves in the previous year, a fact that gets under the skin of Nick's father, David. Harvey and David have a rivalry between each other that is never resolved, but after the Braves lose to the Dodgers, David makes peace with his team's defeat while Harvey celebrates his team's victory. Harvey appears only in "Take Me Out of the Ball Game".
Jenson Chapman as Thurman Miller: The thirteen-year-old pitcher and star player of the Eastfield Braves. He is cocky and confident, sure of his ability as the best batter on the team. So much so that David even puts all of his faith on Thurman to win the championship games for the Braves. Nick, too, even looks up to Thurman, willing to do favors for him like a servant. In the end, Thurman is struck out of the game, losing it for the Braves, much to his, David's and Nick's shock. He appears only in "Take Me Out of the Ball Game".
Orel Hershiser as Himself: The pitcher of the Los Angeles Dodgers, he appears in the fantasy sequence in which Nick imagines himself as a home run hitter, "Slam 'The Man' Martin". In the sequence, Hershiser pitches to Nick, who makes the hit but the ball is caught and thrown to first base before Nick can run. Hershiser then runs up to the disappointed Nick to remind him that "It takes a whole team to win a game." He appears, as a special guest star, in "Take Me Out of the Ball Game".
Jonathan Michaels as Ray: A gang member whom Derrick starts working for, Ray is cold and cruel, having allowed Derrick to tag along with his gang since he was a punk. Nick first encounters Ray when he goes to check on Derrick at his home, where Ray soon shows up to pick up Derrick. When Ray sees Nick, he threatens him. On the night of the Christmas pageant, Ray confronts Derrick about his having gone to perform in the play instead of meeting with Ray to help him break into a warehouse. Derrick begs Ray to let him out of the gang and Ray complies, but threatens Derrick's life if Ray ever sees him again. When Ray later catches Nick walking down the street, Ray grabs Nick and tosses him into an alley. Before Ray can attack, Derrick tackles Ray, leading to a brutal fight. Ray manages to get away after Derrick fights him off. Ray appears only in "Twas the Fight Before Christmas".
Grant Goodeve as Brad "Giff" Gifford: Giff is the senior guide for Wilderness Excursions with Dad, a mountain climbing/wilderness survival program that Nick, Renee, Phillip, and their fathers all participate in. Giff guides the group and helps Nick to overcome his fear of heights when mountain climbing. He appears only in the episode "In the Nick of Time".
Marguerita Franco as Consuela "Connie": Giff's co-leader. Connie helps guide the group on their mountain climbing trip and teaches them about wilderness survival. She appears only in the episode "In the Nick of Time".
Bobby Jacobi as Rex Rogers: The most popular guy at Eastfield Junior High, Rex is a sunglasses-wearing, slang-speaking dude who tries to show Nick how to be "cool", at the expense of Nick forsaking his family and friends. Rex plays by his own rules and looks down upon those he sees as "geeks" (like Phillip) and "wannabes" (like Renee and Jordan). However, it is shown that Rex feels intimidated by Derrick. He appears only in "The Blunder Years".
Jenny McClintock as Babs Jenkins: A member of Rex's sunglasses-wearing posse. She sits near Nick in their Spanish class. Babs is just as stuck up and rude as Rex is, as well as shallow in her wanting to show off her expensive outfit. She appears only in "The Blunder Years".
Suzanne Longo as Jessica Doll: Another sunglasses-wearing member of Rex's group. She appears only in "The Blunder Years".
Bogdan Gheorghe as Ilia "Ilie" Tinescu: Ilie is Nick's young pen pal from Romania, whom Nick has been writing to for four years. He and his father make an unexpected arrival at the Martin's house while the two are in America for a relief mission, and are allowed to stay with the Martins. However, Ilie's enthusiasm about America and everything in Nick's house begins to annoy both Nick and his family. When Nick thinks that the Tinescus have left because of his and his family's ill behavior, he runs out to go looking for them. It turns out that Ilie and his dad had actually left to do some relief work, and return to the Martins' house just in time for Thanksgiving dinner, having invited many guests with more food to share with everyone. Nick apologizes to Ilie and gives him his giant model airplane. Ilie appears only in "Beauty in the Least".
Adam Gregor as Michael Tinescu: Ilia's father. He works for a relief organization that sends him to America, where he and his son meet and stay with Nick and his family. He is a very religious man who knows the Bible very well. Michael tries to make himself useful by trying to fix the Martins' broken doorbell and offering to go to the store to get groceries. He and Ilie make a sudden departure from the Martins to participate in a back alley mission and soup kitchen for the poor, where Michael plays the guitar while Ilie hands out food to people. The two return in time for Thanksgiving dinner with a crowd of invited guests with more food to share with everyone. Michael appears only in "Beauty in the Least".
Alan Johnson as James "Crazy Jim" Tillman III: An eccentric homeless man (he prefers the term "gentleman of reduced means") whom Michael Tinescu and Ilia befriend. They encounter James when Nick shows them the way to the grocery store on his way to school. James later comes to the Back Alley Mission & Soup Kitchen hosted by the Tinescus, even later shows up at the Martins' house with a plate of food for Thanksgiving.
Kassie Wesley as Julia, the Mailperson: The Martins' mail carrier. Julia is brought into the Martins' house to meet them by Ilie, having never actually met them before. Nick later bumps into her by accident when he's out looking for Ilie and his father. Julia later shows up at the Martins' house, out of uniform in her normal clothes, having been invited for Thanksgiving dinner by the Tinescus along with many others, bringing a plate of food with her. Julia only appears in "Beauty in the Least".

TV airings
On January 25, 1992, ABC aired "The Big Lie" as a pilot for a possible series run. The episode aired as part of the ABC Weekend Specials series yet ABC spokeswoman Janice Gretemeyer stated that the episode had been edited to allow for commercials, and to remove specific Christian references. Another episode, "Take Me Out of the Ball Game" aired as part of the ABC Weekend Specials series on September 12, 1992.
The entire series has aired on the Trinity Broadcasting Network and on TBN's children network Smile of a Child, but stopped airing sometime before April 2012.

Episodes
McGee and Me! (1989–1990)
"The Big Lie" - Eleven-year-old Nick, along with his parents and 14-year-old sister Sarah and little sister Jamie, moves into his grandmother's house in Eastfield, Indiana. In an effort to make friends and avoid a bully, Louis tells lies about George Ravenhill's house, Nick sneaks into the old man's cellar, scares himself, and Louis, Renee and the kids at school create stories about the encounter that spiral into lies. Derrick and his friends wreck the house and Nick is forced to clean it up as punishment. His dad helps him learn an important lesson about lying, elders, fear, speaking up, and bullying.
"A Star in the Breaking" - Nick, his mom, and his cartoon pal McGee learn a lesson in humility when the fame and popularity of being on a game show goes to Nick's head.
"The Not-So-Great Escape" - Nick wants to go with Louis to see "Night Of The Blood Freaks Part 4" in theaters. His parents forbid him to go, saying that the movie's nothing but garbage, and they ground him for arguing and talking back (and telling his sister to shut up). Nick sneaks out, betrays and disobeys his parents, regrets seeing the movie, and gets punished more by doing extra chores this week. In this episode, Nick learns the lesson of honoring your father and mother, and making right choices.
"Skate Expectations" - After trying to protect a geeky boy, Phillip, from Derrick and his friends, Nick finds himself in a skateboarding contest, even though he isn't that good at it. He practices, but on the day of the race, Derrick's friends try to sabotage it. However, Nick's friends notice and even though he loses the race, they disqualify Derrick and so he does end up winning. He learns about cheating, practice, friendship, and standing up for others.
"Twister and Shout" - One Friday night, Nick and Sarah are staying home alone while their sister Jamie and their grandmother are visiting aunt Marie in Columbus, Ohio and their parents are out of town as well as Renee's divorced mother. With Louis and Renee staying over as well, Sarah is left in charge, which leads to ensuing conflict between her and Nick. However this quickly fades when the kids face the news of an impending tornado, and in the process they deal with fear and faith in God.
"Back to the Drawing Board" - Nick and Todd, both talented artists, compete for a coveted spot and reward in a contest. Neither win, but both learn the meaning of good sportsmanship and fair competition.
"Do the Bright Thing" - Nick and the others learn another life lesson on making wise decisions, especially when Nick was planning on buying a new drawing table before settling on a sketch pad.
"Take Me Out of the Ball Game" - Sarah tells Nick to learn to trust God rather than men as underdog Eastfield Braves battle the Dodgers.
"Twas the Fight Before Christmas" - Nick, Louis, and Derrick are cast to play the Three Wise Men in the school's Christmas pageant, but Derrick wants nothing to do with the play. When Nick sees Derrick hanging out with a gang of thieves, he decides to check in on Derrick and discovers why Derrick is such a bully: Derrick has an abusive father and is involved with a gang member named Ray. When Nick shows Derrick a bit of kindness, Derrick begins to have a change of heart and, after performing in the school play, ends up saving Nick's life when Ray attacks Nick in an alley. Derrick fights Ray off and Nick thanks him, with the two ending on good terms with each other.

The New Adventures of McGee and Me! (1993)
"In the Nick of Time" - Nick, Phillip and Renee join their fathers on a mountain climbing trip to California. While Phillip's prankster father puts Phillip and the rest of the group on edge, and Renee's father hopes to catch up on lost time since moving to California some years earlier following his divorce from Renee's mother, in a way much to Renee's dismay. Nick deals with a staggering fear of heights. This fear is pushed to the ultimate limit when Nick must rescue his father after falling off a cliff. In the process, Nick learns about courage and believing in yourself.
"The Blunder Years" - Nick is taken under the wing of Rex Rogers, the most popular guy in junior high, who shows Nick how to act "cool", straining Nick's relationship both with his parents and with his real friends, Renee, Phillip, and Jordan. The new and improved Derrick must help Nick learn a lesson in peer pressure by reminding him who his true friends are.
"Beauty in the Least" - Nick and his family learn to "love your neighbor as yourself". Much to everyone's dismay, Nick's Romanian pen pal and his father pay a surprise visit to the Martins, just in time for Thanksgiving. Even though the two visitors seem like an inconvenience, they eventually teach the family a lesson in love, hospitality, and the true meaning of Thanksgiving.

Special (1995)
McGee TV: Out of Control - In this compilation of many of the previous episodes' animated McGee segments and a few of the live action sequences, McGee hosts his own brand new TV network, McGee TV, featuring all new computer-animated sequences accompanied by an announcer voice (provided by Townsend Coleman). As McGee tries to operate his network, things get out of hand as the task soon becomes more than he can handle.

Reception
Mary Stevens of the Chicago Tribune described the children's series as "exceptional", and that "the production quality is top-notch". Stevens goes on to say that the series "offers an entertaining mixture of live action, animation and well-written stories with positive moral messages", and despite being based on Bible principles "the series isn't excessively preachy or pushy". Entertainment Weekly gave the episode "A Star in the Breaking" an A rating, stating "No matter what your religious orientation, you and your child will likely find the message compelling".

Awards and nominations
In 1990, producer George Taweel received the Michael Landon Award for the series.  In 1993, Joe Dammann, Sarah Dammann, Chelsea Hertford, Whit Hertford, and Shaylisa Hurte received nominations for "Outstanding Youth Mini-Video Series".

References
External links
Official McGee and Me! website
The Adventures of McGee and Me at CEGAnMo.com
McGee and Me! at IMDbIn Mexico, some municipalities and Mexico City are divided into boroughs for administrative purposes. Boroughs are known as delegaciones, or in the case of Mexico City. Boroughs can either be second-level semi-autonomous administrative divisions or third-level non-autonomous administrative divisions. The limits, nature and competencies of boroughs are usually described in the constitutions of the states they are part of, or in the laws enacted by the municipality itself, and may differ from municipality to municipality.

Boroughs of Mexico City
Mexico City is not organized into municipalities. Despite containing the word "City", it is not governed as a city but as a unit consisting of multiple subdivisions. As a result of the Political Reforms enacted in 2016, it is no longer designated as a federal district and became a city, a member entity of the Mexican federation, seat of the Powers of the Union and the capital of Mexico.Mexico City is divided in 16 boroughs, officially designated as demarcaciones territoriales or colloquially known as alcaldías in Spanish. Headed by a mayor, these boroughs kept the same territory and name as the former delegaciones, while expanding their local government powers.

Boroughs of other municipalities
The boroughs of other municipalities are territorial or administrative divisions and in some cases they pertain exclusively to the urbanized areas of the municipality, which is a second-level administrative division. As such, and unlike the boroughs of Federal District, boroughs of municipalities are third-level administrative divisions. They are non-autonomous, but function merely as the internal divisions whereby the administration of public services is organized. Not all municipalities are divided into boroughs; some municipalities only use auxiliary councils or presidencies (presidencia auxiliar in Spanish) to administer the cities or towns that are not adjacent to the city that serves as the seat of the municipal council (ayuntamiento in Spanish), whereas boroughs are usually -but not always- used when the entire municipality is urbanized and is coextensive with a single city.
Some of the municipalities that are divided into boroughs are:

Baja CaliforniaMunicipality of Mexicali,  is divided into 14 boroughs composing the entire municipality, the city of Mexicali comprises the municipal seat plus 3 metropolitan boroughs.
Municipality of Tijuana, is divided into 8 boroughs that compose the entire municipality, the city of Tijuana metropolitan area comprises all 8 boroughs.
Municipality of Ensenada, the largest municipality in the country is divided in 24 boroughs of which the city of Ensenada comprises the two smallest (Ensenada and Chapultepec).
Municipality of Tecate, is divided into 6 boroughs composing the entire municipality.QuerétaroQuerétaro, is divided into 7 boroughs that compose the entire municipality, most of which is urbanized. Greater Querétaro, that is the metropolitan area of Querétaro, includes other municipalities.Quintana RooBenito Juárez, is divided into three boroughs that compose the entire municipality.TabascoCentro,  is divided into 133 boroughs, of which 30 pertain to the city of Villahermosa, 8 to other towns (7 villas and one poblado) and 95 to rural areas (rancherías).

See also
Colonia (Mexico)
Political divisions of Mexico
Municipalities of Mexico


Para table tennis at the 2017 ASEAN Para Games were held from 17 to 23 September 2017 at Malaysian International Trade & Exhibition Centre, Kuala Lumpur.

Medal tally
*   Host nation (Malaysia)

Medalists
Men
Women
See also
Table tennis at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games

External links
Official results of table tennis at the 2017 ASEAN Para GamesBlachford Lake is a remote lake in Northern Canada, near Yellowknife. The lake is 17 km (11 mi) and sits on precambrian rock. The lake is located at 62 09.97'N, 112 40.96' W and is to the north of the start eastern arm of the Great Slave Lake. It is home of the Dechinta: Centre for Research and Learning, an on-the-land university, co-founded in part by Glen Coulthard, that teaches traditional northern skills.

Royal visit

The lake and Dechinta: Centre for Research and Learning was visited by Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge on their 2011 tour of Canada; during the visit they were taken to an uninhabited island where they were prepared supper by a local cook.


Lawrence Garfield Black (15 September 1881 – 14 August 1959) was an English cricketer. Black was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace.
Black made his first-class debut for Hampshire against the Gentlemen of Philadelphia in 1903. On debut, Black took his only first-class wicket, that of Philadelphia batsman John Lester.
After the First World War and sixteen years after making his debut for Hampshire, Black made his second first-class appearance for Hampshire in 1919. Black played three matches in the 1919 County Championship against Middlesex, Surrey and Yorkshire.
Black died at Dewsbury, Yorkshire on 14 August 1959.

References
External links
Lawrence Black at Cricinfo
Lawrence Black at CricketArchiveSony Xperia Z series is a line of flagship Android smartphones and tablets in the Sony Xperia series manufactured by Sony Mobile.
On February 25, 2016, Sony discontinued the Xperia Z series in favor of the Sony Xperia X series, but the device serving as the true successor of the Z5 is the Xperia XZ, Sony's flagship after the Xperia Z5 Premium.

Models
Smartphones
Xperia Z
At the CES 2013 in Las Vegas, Sony announced the original Xperia Z. It is a smartphone with a 5-inch FHD screen size, 2GB of RAM, Quad Core processor and water and dust resistance, because of the last, many companies started to make phones with water and dust resistance including Samsung with the Samsung Galaxy S4 Active and their later model - the Samsung Galaxy S5. The Xperia Z won the ‘Best Smartphone' and ‘Best of Show' awards At CES 2013. According to a Sony executive, Mcdougall, early Xperia Z sales have been strong. He states, "It (the Xperia smartphone) sold over 150,000 units in its first week in Japan, taking a 24 percent market share straight away." "It may be a bit too early to say but the first signs are very positive."

Xperia ZR
First announced at CES 2013, Xperia ZR is a mid range smartphone with a 4.55 inch screen, 2GB of RAM, Quad core processor. The smartphone also has Ingress Protection Ratings of IP55 and IP58, making it dust protected, low pressure water jet protected, and waterproof. It was released on 17 May 2013 in Japan where it is marketed as the 'Xperia A'.

Xperia ZL
The Xperia ZL is a slightly changed variant of the Sony Xperia Z. The ZL compromises water and dust proofing for a thinner frame, an IR blaster, a dedicated camera button, slightly more battery capacity and a cheaper build.

Xperia Z1/Z1s
First announced at IFA 2013 in Berlin, the Sony Xperia Z1 is a high-end Android smartphone produced by Sony Mobile Communications AB. The Xperia Z1 is a dust resistance and waterproof phone with a rating of IP55 and 58. The main feature of the device is the 20.7 megapixels camera, paired with Sony's in-house G lens and its image processing algorithm called, BIONZ. Similar to its predecessor, the Sony Xperia Z, the phone features tempered glass covered by shatterproof film on front and back which is held together by a one piece aluminium frame. With Qualcomm's latest quad-core Snapdragon S800 processor clocked at 2.2Ghz and 2GB of RAM, it also contains a 5.0 inch Sony's Triluminos and its X-Reality Engine for better image and video viewing.  Sony announced the Sony Xperia Z1s at CES 2014, a modified version of the Sony Xperia Z1 exclusive to T-Mobile US, was released in the United States.

Xperia Z1 Compact
First announced at CES 2014, the Xperia Z1 Compact is a smaller version of the 5-incher Xperia Z1 with a 4.3 inch HD 720p display. It does retain the same hardware as the Xperia Z1, such as the 20.7MP camera.

Xperia Z2
First announced at MWC 2014, the Xperia Z2 continues the Xperia Z series with the latest Snapdragon 801 and enabled 4K video recording. It comes with latest Android Version (5.1.1 lollipop) with an optimized Xperia UI. Xperia Z2 has the same 20.7MP camera as Z1 and Z1 Compact. It has a much improved display now -Sony used IPS technology instead of TFT, which means that there is a very noticeable improvement in viewing angles and color accuracy.

Xperia Z3
The Xperia Z3 was announced at the IFA 2014 in Berlin. As its predecessor, it will feature Snapdragon 801 and 4K video recording. The device has Remote Play, allowing users to play PlayStation 4 games. Unlike the Xperia Z2, it weighs 152g and has microSD support up to 128 GB – a 32 GB version is also available, with a new IP rating, IP65 and 68. The Xperia Z3 was released in September 2014.
The Xperia Z3 Dual, also known as Xperia Z3 D6633 has dual-SIM support.

Xperia Z3 Compact
Also announced at the IFA 2014 in Berlin, it comes with the same processor as the Xperia Z3. Unlike the Z1 Compact, its weight is 129g and has a 4.6" display. Its RAM has been reduced to 2GB from the 3GB of the Xperia Z3. Like its flagship, it has the same IP rating and was released in September 2014.

Xperia Z3+ (Z4 in Japan)
Xperia Z5
Xperia Z5 Compact
Xperia Z5 Premium
Phablets

Xperia Z Ultra
The Sony Xperia Z Ultra is the first phablet manufactured by Sony. The Xperia Z Ultra can be used to take notes or draw on with a regular pen or pencil. With a display of 6.44 inches, it has Sony's TRILUMINOS™ and X-Reality for mobile technology, with an OptiContrast panel to reduce reflection and enable clearer viewing even in bright sun lighting.

Tablets
Xperia Tablet Z
The Sony Xperia Tablet Z is a 10.1-inch tablet manufactured by Sony. First announced in Japan, the tablet was then announced globally in Barcelona at the Mobile World Congress on February 25, 2013. Weighing 1.09 pounds (495 grams) and just 0.27 inches (6.9 mm) thick, it is the thinnest and lightest 10-inch tablet in the world. Succeeding the Xperia Tablet S, the Xperia Tablet Z comes with a faster processor, a better front-facing camera, a higher-resolution screen, and Ingress Protection Ratings of IP55 and IP57, for dust-protected, water-jet protected, and waterproof in up to one meter of water for up to thirty minutes. The tablet was released in May 2013.

Xperia Z2 Tablet
The Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet was announced on February 24, 2014, as a successor to the Sony Xperia Tablet Z, featuring the same waterproof capabilities. It was the first tablet to run the 2.3 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor. Sony stated at the time of the unveiling that this tablet was the thinnest and lightest 10-inch tablet in the world. The release date was set to March 2014.

Xperia Z3 Tablet Compact
The Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Tablet was announced in September 2014. It comes with a 2.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, as well as an 8.0" display. The tablet was scheduled to be released in October 2014.

Xperia Z4 Tablet
The Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet was announced on 2 March 2015. It comes with a 2 K resolution 10.0-inch screen and it is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. The tablet was expected to be released in June 2015.

Comparison
This table is primarily intended to show the differences between the model families of the Xperia Z series. The list only covers unlocked and international devices.

Phones
Phablets
Tablets
See also
Sony Xperia

Notes


Maxima () is a computer algebra system (CAS) based on a 1982 version of Macsyma. It is written in Common Lisp and runs on all POSIX platforms such as macOS, Unix, BSD, and Linux, as well as under Microsoft Windows and Android. It is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).

History
Maxima is based on a 1982 version of Macsyma, which was developed at MIT with funding from the United States Department of Energy and other government agencies. A version of Macsyma was maintained by Bill Schelter from 1982 until his death in 2001. In 1998, Schelter obtained permission from the Department of Energy to release his version under the GPL. That version, now called Maxima, is maintained by an independent group of users and developers. Maxima does not include any of the many modifications and enhancements made to the commercial version of Macsyma during 1982–1999. Though the core functionality remains similar, code depending on these enhancements may not work on Maxima, and bugs which were fixed in Macsyma may still be present in Maxima, and vice versa. Maxima participated in Google Summer of Code in 2019 under International Neuroinformatics Coordinating Facility.

Symbolic calculations
Like most computer algebra systems, Maxima supports a variety of ways of reorganizing symbolic algebraic expressions, such as polynomial factorization, polynomial greatest common divisor calculation, expansion, separation into real and imaginary parts, and transformation of trigonometric functions to exponential and vice versa. It has a variety of techniques for simplifying algebraic expressions involving trigonometric functions, roots, and exponential functions. It can calculate symbolic antiderivatives ("indefinite integrals"), definite integrals, and limits. It can derive closed-form series expansions as well as terms of Taylor-Maclaurin-Laurent series. It can perform matrix manipulations with symbolic entries.
Maxima is a general-purpose system, and special-case calculations such as factorization of large numbers, manipulation of extremely large polynomials, etc. are sometimes better done in specialized systems.

Numeric calculations
Maxima specializes in symbolic operations, but it also offers numerical capabilities such as arbitrary-precision integer, rational number, and floating-point numbers, limited only by space and time constraints.

Programming
Maxima includes a complete programming language with ALGOL-like syntax but Lisp-like semantics. It is written in Common Lisp and can be accessed programmatically and extended, as the underlying Lisp can be called from Maxima. It uses gnuplot for drawing.
For calculations using floating point and arrays heavily, Maxima has translators from the Maxima language to other programming languages (notably Fortran), which may execute more efficiently.

Interfaces
Various graphical user interfaces (GUIs) are available for Maxima:

wxMaxima is a graphical front-end using wxWidgets.
There is a kernel for Project Jupyter, a flexible, notebook-style GUI written in Python.
GMaxima is a Maxima interface using GTK+.
Cantor, using Qt, can interface with Maxima (along with SageMath, R, and KAlgebra)
The GNU TeXmacs and LyX mathematical editor programs can be used to provide an interactive GUI for Maxima, as can SageMath. Other options include the Imaxima front end, as well as an Emacs and XEmacs interaction mode which is activated by Imaxima.
Kayali
Climaxima, a CLIM-based front-end.

See also
Comparison of computer algebra systems
SageMath, a free mathematics software which borrows many libraries from Maxima

References
Further reading
Timberlake, Todd Keene; Mixon Jr., J. Wilson (2015). Classical Mechanics with Maxima. Springer. ISBN 978-1-4939-3206-1.

External links
Official websiteTribute Spirits is a tribute album released on May 1, 1999 in memory of Japanese rock musician hide. It collects cover versions of his songs by various artists, among them most members of hide's former band X Japan.
It reached number one on the Oricon chart. By the end of 1999 it sold 783,760 copies, making it the 31st best-selling album of the year. It was certified double platinum by RIAJ in May 1999. As of 2005, it was the top-selling tribute album in Japan.

Track listing
All tracks are written by hide.


Light truck or light-duty truck is a US classification for trucks or truck-based vehicles with a gross vehicle weight up to 8,500 pounds (3,860 kg) and a  payload capacity up to 4,000 pounds (1,815 kg). Similar goods vehicle classes in the European Union, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand are termed light commercial vehicles and are limited to a gross vehicle weight of up to 3,500 kg (7,720 pounds).

United States
Federal regulations define a light-duty truck to be any motor vehicle having a gross vehicle weight rating (curb weight plus payload) of no more than 8,500 pounds (3,860 kg) which is “(1) Designed primarily for purposes of transportation of property or is a derivation of such a vehicle, or (2) Designed primarily for transportation of persons and has a capacity of more than 12 persons,  or (3) Available with special features enabling off-street or off-highway operation and use.”
Light trucks includes vans, pickups, and sport utility vehicles.

Fuel efficiency
The United States government uses light truck as a vehicle class in regulating fuel economy through the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standard. 
The class includes vans, minivans, sport utility vehicles, and pickup trucks.
Light trucks have lower fuel economy standards than cars, under the premise that these vehicles are used for utilitarian purposes rather than personal transportation.
Since light trucks sold in the United States are increasingly being used for personal use, some have advocated applying higher economy standards to light trucks that are not used for utilitarian purposes.

Tariffs
Production of light trucks in the United States are protected by the Chicken Tax, a 25% tariff on imported light trucks.

See also
California Air Resources Board
Commercial vehicle
Emission standard

References
External links
Regulatory Announcement on EPA changing definitions of the light and heavy-duty trucks(Grote Prijs Arjaan de Schipper)

The Ster ZLM Toer is a stage race cycling race, held in the southern Netherlands and Belgium as 2.1 race on the UCI Europe Tour (ZLM = current title sponsor). The race started in 1987 as an amateur race, and became a race for professional cyclists in 1996.

Name of the race
1987–1989 : Rondom Schijndel
1990–1997 : Teleflex Tour
1998–2000 : Ster der Beloften
2001–2010 :  Ster Elekrotoer
2011– : Ster ZLM Toer - GP Jan van Heeswijk

Winners
References
External links
Official website (in Dutch)The European Physical Journal D: Atomic, Molecular, Optical and Plasma Physics is an academic journal recognized by the European Physical Society, presenting new and original research results.

Scope
The main areas covered are:

Atomic Physics
Molecular Physics and Chemical Physics
Atomic and Molecular Collisions
Clusters and Nanostructures
Cold Matter and Quantum Gases
Plasma Physics
Nonlinear Dynamics
Optical Phenomena and Photonics
Quantum Optics
Quantum Information
Ultraintense and Ultrashort Laser FieldsThe range of topics covered in these areas is extensive, from Molecular Interaction and Reactivity to Spectroscopy and Thermodynamics of Clusters, from Atomic Optics to Bose-Einstein Condensation to Femtochemistry.

History
The EPJ D arose from various predecessors: Il Nuovo Cimento (Section D), Journal de Physique, and Zeitschrift für Physik D. Prior to 1998, this journal was named Zeitschrift für Physik D: Atoms, Molecules and Clusters.
Until 2003, Ingolf Hertel was the editor-in-chief of EPJ D. From May 2003 on EPJ D had two editors-in-chief: Tito Arecchi and Jean-Michel Raimond. In January 2004, Arecchi stepped down and Franco A. Gianturco took over his position.
In 2009, the newly appointed (third) editor-in-chief, Kurt Becker, took on the responsibility for promoting the plasma physics coverage of the journal.
As of 2018, three editors-in-chief are Tommaso Calarco (Forschungszentrum Jülich, Germany), Holger Kersten (Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel, Germany) and 
Andrey V. Solov'yov (MBN Research Center, Frankfurt am Main, Germany).

See also
European Physical JournalFelix Francis (born 1953) is a British crime writer. He is Dick Francis’ younger son.Felix studied physics and electronics at London University, and then embarked upon a 17-year career teaching Advanced Level physics at three schools, the last seven as head of the science department at Bloxham School in Oxfordshire, before quitting to look after his father's affairs. He currently lives in Oxfordshire. From 1993 to 2005, he was a director and deputy chairman of World Challenge Expeditions Ltd. Felix is also a former governor of Winchester House Prep School, and is a governor of Malvern College.Dick's wife, Mary Francis, assisted with both the research and the writing of many of Dick's novels until her death in 2000. Felix provided her assistance in this effort, and upon his mother's passing, Felix took over her work. Felix and his father often worked together on plot and character details at Dick’s home in the Cayman Islands. This partnership allowed Dick to draw upon Felix’s knowledge and experience as a physics teacher in Twice Shy and his past as an international marksman in Shattered (2000) and Under Orders (2006).With the publication of Dead Heat in 2007, Felix took on a more significant role in writing. Silks (2008) was the second novel in this father-and-son collaboration, and Even Money (2009) was the third. Crossfire (2010) was the novel Dick and Felix were working on when Dick died in February 2010.
Felix's first novel written without his father was Gamble, published in September 2011, begins the "Dick Francis novel" franchise.

Critical response
Kirkus said Gamble was "fully worthy of the family name", familiar to Dick Francis fans, but well-handled. Eurocrime gave a mixed review to Gamble, commenting on Felix's lack of direct experience of horseracing, criticizing "a curious flatness" in its narration, but calling it "a nicely layered, slightly complex thriller".

Novels


Eduard Kubat (1891 – 1976) was a German film producer, who also directed two films. During the Nazi era he was employed by Terra Film, but following the Second World War he went to work for DEFA, the state-controlled company of East Germany.

Selected filmography
Production manager
The Lost Shoe (1923)
The Other Woman (1924)
The False Step (1939)
Allez Hopp (1946)
Bürgermeister Anna (1950)

Producer
Victor and Victoria (1933)
Alarm in Peking (1937)
Doctor Crippen (1942)
Sky Hounds (1942)
The Golden Spider (1943)
When the Young Wine Blossoms (1943)
1-2-3 Corona (1948)
Friday the Thirteenth (1949)

Director
The Call of the Sea (1951)
Swings or Roundabouts (1953)

References
Bibliography
Richards, Jeffrey. Visions of Yesterday. Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1973.

External links
Eduard Kubat at IMDbOsborne Hill is a summit in Central New York Region of New York in the town of Herkimer in Herkimer County, northwest of the village of Herkimer.


The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is a smartphone developed by Xiaomi Inc. It is a part of the Xiaomi's low-end Redmi smartphone line, and has three variants.
The MediaTek variant (codename hennessey) was released on November 24, 2015.
The Snapdragon variant (codename kenzo) was launched on February, 2016.
Redmi Note 3 Special Edition (codename kate) was launched in June 2016, it features an upgraded modem and new housing, all other specifications are the same as the Snapdragon variant.

Specifications
Hardware
The MediaTek variant of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is equipped with MediaTek MT6795 Helio X10, PowerVR G6200 GPU. The Snapdragon variants have the Hexa-core 1.8 GHz Snapdragon 650 and Adreno 510 GPU.All variants of the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 include a 5.5 in (140 mm) 1080p display, 2 GB or 3 GB RAM, 16 GB or 32 GB eMMC 5.0 Flash, a 5MP front camera, non-removable Li-Po 4050 mAh battery and it supports 802.11b/g/n/ac networks on both the 2.4 and 5 GHz bands. The phone also supports two SIM cards or, in case of the two Snapdragon variants, a SIM card + microSDHC card; the secondary SIM card slot is shared with the microSDHC slot.One notable difference between the MediaTek and Qualcomm variants of the phone is the primary camera. The Mediatek phone uses a less powerful 13MP camera sensor, whereas this is upgraded to a 16MP sensor on the Qualcomm models.The Snapdragon versions use a special display technology known as 'Sunlight Display' in which the phone detects the ambient light and makes pixel level adjustments in order to be better legible in the sunlight. It also features a blue light filter for low light night reading.Another notable feature of the phone is the presence of a finger-print sensor at the back. It can also be used for capturing images via the front or the rear cameras.

Software
Kenzo runs on an Android based MIUI 7 OS which was upgraded to MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 and then to the newest MIUI 10. Many custom Android ROMs are available for this device; notable examples are MIUI 9 based on Android 7.0, CyanogenMod 13 and 14 (based on Android Marshmallow and Nougat, respectively), Lineage OS 13, 14, 15, Resurrection Remix OS 8.6 (based on Android 10) and an unstable port of Sailfish OS. Custom ROMs based on Lollipop, Marshmallow, Nougat, Oreo, Pie, Android 10, 11 and 12 are also available, like Pixel Experience, ArrowOS, HavocOS, etc.
Kate came with MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 which can be upgraded to latest MIUI 10.Although both Snapdragon based variants are similar their ROMs are not compatible with each other and installing the wrong one may cause break down of the device.Mediatek variant runs on MIUI 7, upgraded to the newest MIUI 9 but will not get MIUI 10.
On 21 December 2018, Xiaomi announced end of software support for the phone. In January 2019, it received its final MIUI update.

Sales
On August 25, 2016, Xiaomi reported it had sold around 1.75 million units since March 2016. It also became the highest-shipped smartphone in India's online market in Q2 2016. It also became India's best online selling phone after it sold 2.3 million units until September 2016.In September 2017, InsightPortal reported the phone ranked 10th in their list of top ten devices worldwide with a market share of 1.1%.

Parts Provider
Processor: Qualcomm or Mediatek
Modem: Qualcomm or Mediatek
PMIC: Qualcomm or Mediatek
Wifi/Bluetooth: Qualcomm or Mediatek
Display panel: Sharp, Tianma, Boe
Touch: Focaltech, Atmel
Camera: Samsung, OmniVision
Battery: Sunwoda, Coslight
Fingerprint: FPC, Goodix
Connectivity:-

References
External links
Official websitePennichuck Brook is one of the tributaries of the Merrimack River in New Hampshire in the United States. Its watershed is 31 square miles (80 km2) and is one of the 14 subwatersheds of the Merrimack River. It passes through Nashua and Merrimack, New Hampshire and serves as the public water supply for greater Nashua.

Route description
Pennichuck Brook begins at Silver Lake in Hollis. It flows northeast under NH 122 and into Dunklee Pond, then continues northeast into Pennichuck Pond, on the boundary between Hollis and Nashua. Leaving Pennichuck Pond, it becomes the boundary between Nashua and the town of Merrimack, flowing northeast under Amherst Street (NH 101A), then turning east and flowing into Holts Pond and Bowers Pond. While part of Bowers Pond, it is crossed by the Everett Turnpike. Past the outlet of Bowers Pond, the brook drops into Harris Pond and Supply Pond, then goes under the Daniel Webster Highway (U.S. Route 3) before it flows into the Merrimack River. All of these water bodies are dammed. The brook runs roughly parallel to the Nashua River from Pennichuck Pond to the brook's mouth in Nashua.

See also
List of rivers of New Hampshire

References
External links
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Pennichuck Brook
Pennichuck CorporationHermana Fausta Labrador (December 19, 1858 - September 14, 1942) is a Filipino laywoman in pending cause for sainthood. She founded the Colegio del Sagrado Corazon de Jesus, a charity school for poor children that has evolved into what is now Sacred Heart College in Lucena City.

Early life
Hermana Fausta Labrador was born on December 19, 1858 in Tayabas, Quezon, to Policarpio Labrador and Nemesia Zarzadias. On December 22, 1858 she was baptized in St. Archangel church, Tayabas. On December 2, 1866 her mother died at age 27. Father had a second marriage to Maria Poblete. She has half-sisters Fe and Felisa. She started schooling in 1869. In 1879 she studied in Colegio de Santa Rosa de Manila.

Religious life
Fr. Granja visited them in the new house and counselled them to live in harmony. He gave Fausta "guidelines" regarding the house. Call all members of the new household, admonish them to live in the harmony. He imparted his paternal blessing with these words: "May the peace reign in this house." They all went to Church except the old Juan. From this day on the Rule of Life was: Hermana  to get up at 3 AM everyday; her companions at 4 AM to pray together the Rosary and Trisagion. Afterwards companions remain to tidy the house. Hermana goes immediately to the church. Her companions follow her when the church bells ring for mass. Together they leave the church for breakfast. After which each to its respective chores while Hermana and Flaviana remain in the house. These consisted of: engage in sewing baptismal robes and burial clothes; make scapulars and artificial flowers to generate income to meet their daily needs; answer the call of the sick and help those in their last agony. May devotion in the church urging people to participate especially the young. Floral offering to the Blessed Virgin. Introduction of the Apostleship of Prayer all the town people were members.Gobernadorcillo Don Demetrio Trinidad issued an ordinance to gather the old people of both sexes living near the shores who had not gone to Confession for a long time and sorting them: the men to the courthouse (tribunal), the women to the house of Hermana Fausta to be instructed daily to receive the Sacrament of Confession and Communion." He started and continued every year the following devotion: on Quinquagesima Sunday (Domingo de Carnaval) to Ash Wednesday we gather in recollection in preparation of the outrages inflicted to the Heart of Jesus during these three days.Gather the "dalagas" (young woman) for Catechism lesson by order of Fr. Granja. They lived in this house. Fr. Granja provided for their upkeeping, food and clothing. To help him, I go from house to house begging.
Daily  Work  of Hermana Fausta  :
Teach in a loud voice:
"Every night Hermana Tomasa, Cesarea and Escolastica come to this house followed  by Fr. Granja who explains what we have taught our charges during the day. Many, although already well prepared, do not like to leave and they remain in this house."

Death and Veneration
Hermana Fausta Labrador died on 14 September 1942, on the Feast of the Exaltation of the Cross.
Her beatification proceedings for her cause are now undertaken by the Diocese of Lucena with the full support of the Daughters of Charity and Sacred Heart College.

City Ordinance No.2377
Lucena City Declares Hermana Fausta Labrador as "Ina ng Lucena"
From the book The Good Woman of Lucena to the indie film “Fausta” to the coffee table book “Witnessing to a Glorious Heritage”, everything seem to have come into its own place and perspective, leading to another magnificent act – Lucena City Ordinance No. 2377 Series of 2009 entitled “An Ordinance Declaring Hermana Fausta Labrador y Zarzadias as One of the Local Heroes of Lucena City and shall be called “INA NG LUCENA.”
Initiated by the school through its President Sr. Fe G. Gedalanga, D.C. and with the help of its SHC alumnus and long time college professor Councilor Wilfredo Asilo, the City Ordinance No. 2377 was unanimously enacted by the 12 Councilors and Vice Mayor Philip M. Castillo on December 7 and approved by Mayor Ramon Y. Talaga, Jr. on December 14.
Before the approval of the city ordinance, a well attended public forum was held on December 4. The audience was able to know the life story of Hermana Fausta and her contributions to Lucena by watching the movie “Fausta” and by listening to the accounts of various resource speakers who have had personal encounters with Hermana Fausta, experiences as alumni or as parents of students in SHC, like Mr. Juanito T. Martinez who was the founder of SHC's Parent Faculty Council in the college department, and knowledge on the history of Lucena.
A video of Dr. Cesar A. Villariba, a known historian of Lucena City and Quezon Province, was shown wherein he mentioned that among the famous and important women of Lucena, Hermana Fausta is truly a remarkable one. In addition, Dr. Rebecca V. de Ocampo, a former superintendent of Lucena City and Marinduque and now president of Girl Scouts of the Philippines-Quezon Council, expressed her belief that Hermana Fausta could be the model that youth of today is clamoring for. Then Purificacion Jawili, or Tita Puring, shared her fond memories of Hermana Fausta while she was still a young child. “Ang diwa ni Hermana Fausta… ang pagtulong sa kapwa ay dumadaloy” said Tita Puring recalling how “banal” Lola Uta was.
With all the statements attesting to life and works of Hermana Fausta, the principal author Councilor Asilo, together with the co-authors Councilor Felix F. Avillo and Councilor Clarinda S. Cabana, went for these additional provisions: December 19, being the date of birth, be celebrated in Lucena City as “Hermana Fausta Day” with its celebration spearheaded by the Alumni of Sacred Heart College; a monument in honor of Hermana Fausta be erected in a conspicuous place in the city with the help of the City Government which shall be financed by the administration of SHC; and the National Historical Commission be notified of the declaration through the ordinance.
Inspiring and historical, she truly holds a special place in the hearts of the students, the Cordians, and all the city people. Yes, that is Hermana Fausta, “Ina ng Lucena”, the hero.


The South Australian Gas Company (later known as SAGASCO)  was formed in 1861 twenty-five years after the colony of South Australia was first settled. The establishment of gasworks from 1863 provided not only industry and employment but also street lighting and gas appliances, radiating an aura of prosperity over South Australia and especially Adelaide.

History
One of the chief promoters of the South Australian Gas Company and first Chairman of Directors was Henry Ayers, a prominent resident of Adelaide who was associated with the Burra Burra copper mines. The first coal gas works was located at Brompton with others located at Port Adelaide, Glenelg, Thebarton, Osborne, and regional areas when the Provincial Gas Company was amalgamated with the South Australian Gas Company in 1878.Regular coal gasification  began in September 1863. Shovelling coal into the retorts was arduous work as was the use of hand pumps to clear blockages in the gas plants. In 1890, company gas workers formed the South Australian Gas Company’s Employees’ Association committed to an eight-hour day. In 1914, members joined the Federated Gas Employees Industrial Union. Industrial relations remained relatively smooth up until 1937 when workers at the Brompton works halted production by locking themselves in to force management to increase the industrial allowance. A prolonged strike during 1946-1947 seriously disrupted gas supply within the state for almost two months. Improved conditions and facilities were part of the return to work agreement and included blowers designed to remove impurities from the gas pipes.

Home services
To promote the use of gas, the South Australian Gas Company opened a showroom in its Grenfell Street headquarters in 1892. With the move to King William Street in 1903, the company employed female instructors to give cooking demonstrations and to visit the homes of people who had purchased stoves. The publication of the South Australian Gas Company Cookery Book provided advice on stoves as well as a range of recipes. The Home Services Division, operating from the Waymouth Street office from the 1920s, continued to employ women to conduct cooking demonstrations and competitions and to broadcast regular radio programs. In 1961, the South Australian Gas Company was one of South Australia’s major industries serving 130,000 consumers and employing more than 1,200 workers.

Natural gas
In November 1966, the South Australian Gas Company took a new direction entering a contract to purchase natural gas, the first such contract to be signed in Australia. This coincided with the building of the Moomba Adelaide Pipeline System from Moomba to Adelaide. With the South Australian Gas Company becoming a distributor of natural gas from 1969, physical and sectional changes quickly followed including the dismantlement of plant and the reduction of the workforce.

Merger and takeover
In 1988, the South Australian Gas Company merged with the South Australian Oil & Gas Corporation Pty Ltd to form the SAGASCO Holdings Group. In October 1993, SAGASCO Holdings became a wholly owned subsidiary of Boral Limited. The SAGASCO business became part of Origin Energy following its demerger from Boral Limited in 2000.


Eddy Chandler (March 12, 1894 – March 23, 1948) was an American actor who appeared, mostly uncredited, in more than 350 films. Three of these films won the Academy Award for Best Picture: It Happened One Night (1934), You Can't Take It with You (1938), and Gone with the Wind (1939). Chandler was born in the small Iowa city of Wilton Junction and died in Los Angeles. He served in World War I.

Filmography
See also
List of actors who have appeared in multiple Best Picture Academy Award winners

References
External links
Eddy Chandler at IMDb
Eddy Chandler at the TCM Movie Database 
Eddy Chandler at AllMovie
Eddy Chandler at the American Film Institute CatalogThe Belah Viaduct was a railway viaduct on the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway, crossing the River Belah, in Cumbria, England, about a mile south of the village of Barras and 4 miles east north east of Kirkby Stephen.  It was completed in 1860 and was demolished in 1963.
The viaduct was designed by Thomas Bouch and the ironwork was supplied and erected by Gilkes Wilson; both Bouch and Gilkes Wilson were also responsible for the later Tay Bridge. It had 'double' Warren truss girders on cast iron columns, and was constructed at a cost of £31,630.  The foundation stone was laid in November 1857.The first locomotive crossed the viaduct in November 1860, and the line opened on 7 August 1861.It was 347 yards (317 m) long, 24 feet (7.3 m) wide, with 16 spans, and at 196 feet (60 m) it was the highest bridge in England when it was built (but 4 feet (1.2 m) lower than the Crumlin Viaduct in Wales).Post-WWII, weight limitations on the aging viaduct and its limited maintenance led to a ban on double heading across both Belah and Deepdale Viaducts. As two light locomotives were still needed to haul trains up the inclines of the Tebay line, one worked as a banker at the rear. This also caused problems if the breakdown crane from Darlington was needed. This 45 ton crane itself had a weight of 156 tons. Hauling it across the viaducts required it to be spaced from the locomotive by at least three empty wagons, to distribute the load.In 1956 the viaduct was completely repainted, which "might have implied to some that BR valued the line as a long-term proposition", but the closure of the line was announced in 1959 and the final passenger train ran on 20 January 1962. The iron structure of the viaduct was demolished in the summer of 1963. The stone abutments at either side of the Belah valley still remain.

Commemorative verses
Charles Davis wrote a verse about the viaduct, which was buried in the central column of the eighth pier on 6 September 1859 and found during demolition. The lines quoted in Dow's Dictionary of Railway Quotations are:

See! now Beelah's beauteous sights begin!
Whose curling stream shall ever flow within,
And underneath this splendid monster Bridge,
Shall floods henceforth descend from every Ridge;
And thousands wonder at the glorious sight,
When trains will run aloft both day and night;
For ages past, no human tongue could tell
Of such a structure o'er thy monster gill.
Time will roll on, and mortals may increase
When those who see it now, we hope will rest in peace.Dow's Dictionary includes another verse, cited only as having been quoted in The Railway Magazine vol XLVI, 1920:

To future ages these lines will tell
Who built the structure o'er the dell.
Gilkes Wilson, with his eighty men,
Raised Belah's Viaduct o'er the glen.

References
External links
"The Story of Belah Viaduct: Don't look down". Forgotten relics. Retrieved 24 April 2013. A personal account of the viaduct
Painting of the viaduct, by John Osborn BrownImperium: Augustus is a 2003 joint British-Italian production, and part of the Imperium series. It tells of the life story of Octavian and how he became Augustus. Half the film takes place in the past (as Augustus explains to his daughter Julia how he became who he is) and the other half takes place in the later life of Augustus. 
The drama starred Peter O'Toole as Augustus, Charlotte Rampling as Livia, Vittoria Belvedere as Julia, Ken Duken as Marcus Agrippa, Benjamin Sadler as Octavian (young Augustus) and Juan Diego Botto as Iullus Antonius. It was filmed in Tunisia. The film was produced by EOS Entertainment and Lux Vide for RAI, Telecinco and ZDF.

Plot
As Augustus lies on his death bed, he recalls the events that led to the exile of his daughter, Julia.
Following an assassination attempt on his life, Marcus Agrippa, Augustus's oldest friend as well as Julia's husband and father to her children, is called back to Rome for his protection. However, he dies of a fever on his way back to Rome. Upon hearing the news Augustus consoles Julia by recalling his rise to power along with Agrippa. 
Following their success serving Julius Caesar, Octavius's great-uncle, during the final battle of Caesar's Civil War, they are sent to Macedonia together along with Maecenas to continue their education as soldiers and diplomats. However, shortly after, they hear news of the Caesar's assassination and that Octavius has been named his heir, forcing them to return to Rome. 
In the ensuing power struggle that follows Caesar's death, Octavius is forced to ally himself with Mark Antony, Caesar's right-hand man. In their pursuit of Marcus Junius Brutus, Gaius Cassius Longinus and their co-conspirators, a wave of executions spread across Rome, practically eliminates the old Roman ruling class, including Cicero and Livia's father. After the Battle of Phillipi, Octavius and Mark Antony divide government of the Empire between the two of them, with Antony taking Egypt and Octavius taking Rome. Octavius marries Scribona, while Antony marries Octavius's elder sister, Octavia. However, following Julia's birth, Octavius leaves her to marry Livia, which to present day Julia resents.
Governing Rome with Maecenas and Agrippa, they work to improve Rome's infrastructure by implementing Agrippa's skills as an architect and Maecenas's knowledge of law and politics. However, Antony becomes the lover of the Egyptian queen, Cleopatra, and being taken in by the Egyptian culture of divinity, he abandons Octavia and declares war on Rome. Eventually, Egypt is conquered by Octavius, Agrippa, and Maecenas following the Battle of Actium. However, while Agrippa wishes to reinstate the Republic, Maecenas wishes for Octavius to become the emperor of Rome. Octavius is given the title Augustus and is acknowledged as the sole-ruler of the Empire but refuses the title of king.
In the present day, several months after Agrippa's death, Augustus and Livia force Julia to marry Livia's son, Tiberius. Neither are happy with the arrangement as Tiberius is happily married and Julia is in love with Iullus, Mark Antony's son whom Augustus spared following the conquest of Rome and was raised by Octavia. In order to spare Julia's feelings, Augustus sends Tiberius to Gaul while telling Julia that she can continue her relationship with Iullus provided they are discreet. Unbeknownst to either of them, Iullus is conspiring to assassinate Augustus along with Julia's half-brother, Scipio, as revenge for Augustus's crimes against their parents.
Upon learning of Julia's relationship with Iullus, Tiberius returns to Rome in a rage to confront her for dishonoring him. When she refuses to submit to him, he attacks and rapes her. Julia suffers a mental breakdown afterward, confiding in Iullus that she wishes her father would die so her suffering would end. Iullus and Scripo conspire to kill Augustus for Julia's sake as well as their own. Tiberius, who is planning to kill Iullus for infidelity with his wife, overhears the plot and informs his mother. Livia decides that they will catch Iullus in the act and in doing so would rid themselves of Julia, focusing Augustus to accept Tiberius as his successor. 
The assassination plan is foiled when the noise alerts Livia, Julia and Tiberius to the scene. Tiberius fatally wounds Iullus and saves Augustus just as Julia enters. Before he dies, Iullus tells Julia, "I did it for you."
Although Julia was unaware of the plot, Augustus demands the Senate exile her for adultery. Informing her of his decision to banish her, he insists on keeping her children. Before she leaves Julia tells Augustus it would have been kinder to kill her at birth rather and that she, at least, loves her children enough not to use them as he has with her. Shortly after Julia is exiled, both her sons die of fever.
Back on his deathbed, Augustus calls out for Julia. She reveals that she has returned to Rome in disguise and goes to his bedside though she refuses to take his hand. However, when he asks her "Did I play my part well in the comedy of life?" she takes the death mask from Livia, kisses his forehead and places it herself over Augustus's smiling dead face.

Cast
Peter O'Toole as Augustus
Benjamin Sadler as Octavian/Young Augustus
Vittoria Belvedere as Julia
Charlotte Rampling as Livia
Juan Diego Botto as Iullus Antonius
Ken Duken as Marcus Agrippa
Gerard Klein as Julius Caesar
Gottfried John as Cicero
Russell Barr as Maecenas
Alexander Strobele as Lucius Tutilius
Anna Valle as Cleopatra
Massimo Ghini as Mark Antony
Michael Reale as Lepidus
Martina Stella as Young Livia
Elena Ballesteros as Octavia
Valeria D'Obici as Atia
Michele Bevilacqua as Tiberius
Achille Brugnini as Cassius
Giampiero Judica as Scipio
Vanni Materassi as Musa
Antonio Petrocelli as Brutus
Riccardo De Torrebruna as Decimus

Historical accuracy
Imperium: Augustus has received criticism for its historical accuracy on the characters and the events that happened, but has been made popular due to the exciting soap opera feeling the drama has. Among its many criticisms is the way Augustus' daughter, Julia, was portrayed. While the character herself is similar in terms of personality, her behaviour with other men is not drawn entirely as history recalls her. Modern historians however have come to see Julia as a much more tragic character than history tells her as, and therefore a number of the changes made to her character is justified. Near the end the Julia scandal breaks and Iullus tries to assassinate Augustus. In reality he never came close and was the only of Julia's lovers that did not get exiled: his fate was far worse, being tried for treason and sentenced to death. He committed suicide before they could execute him. Iullus was also not in Egypt to be spared as the film portrayed.
Octavian has Caesar's son with Cleopatra and only one of Antony's children executed. Although it accurately shows Octavian sparing the children and sending them to live with his sister, Iullus was one of Antony's children who stayed in Athens with Octavia when Antony ran back to Cleopatra and divorced Octavia. Another change made for drama was when Julia came to see her father from exile while he was on his bed. In reality she died the same year as Augustus but never returned to Rome.

Critical reception
"Imperium: Augustus is equal parts history lesson and soap opera. Peter O'Toole plays Octavius/Augustus, heir to his doomed uncle Julius Caesar's command of the far-flung Roman empire. Surviving an assassination attempt and struck by news of the death of his old friend and ally, Agrippa (Ken Duken), in the same day, Octavius waxes nostalgic about his youthful exploits in Caesar's army (Benjamin Sadler plays the young Augustus in flashbacks) and his unprepared immersion in the deadly politics of the Mark Antony (Massimo Ghini) era. More immediate are Octavius' problems trying to stave off conspiracies by his wife Livia (Charlotte Rampling) to set up the emperor's stepson, Tiberius (Michele Bevilacqua), as heir, and talk his dutiful daughter Julia (Vittoria Belvedere) into a marriage she does not want. Roger Young directs this highly watchable costume drama, and O'Toole's golden presence makes the ancient intrigues tragically human." --Tom Keogh

See also
List of historical drama films
List of films set in ancient Rome
Augustus
Julio-Claudian dynasty
Second Triumvirate

External links
Imperium: Augustus at IMDbBatenburg Windmill is a post mill in Batenburg, Gelderland, Netherlands which was built in the 18th century and is under repair as of February 2014. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument.

History
The first mill on this site was built in 1531. It belonged to the Batenburg Castle. It was compulsory for the local farmers to take their grain to the mill to be ground. The mill was built in the 18th century. Batenburg Castle was burnt down by the French in 1795 during the War of the First Coalition and the records of the mill were lost.Major repairs were carried out in 1913. Owned by Viktor Adolf, Prince of Benheim-Steinfurth when World War II took place, the castle and its estate were seized by the Dutch Government following the German surrender at the end of World War II in Europe. Ownership was transferred to the Stichting Vrienden Gelderse Kasteelen in 1953. The mill was sold in 1957 to its former tenant, H. Th. Verploegen, who restored the mill in 1960. The mill was sold to Mhr. Van der Steen in 1970, and was transferred on 18 April 1973 to the Vereniging De Hollandsche Molen. Further restorations took place in 1977 and 1996. In 2011, the mill was stopped due to a crack in the wooden windshaft. The windshaft was removed in February 2014 pending a decision on repair or replacement. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, № 8719.

Description
The mill is what the Dutch describe as a "Standerdmolen". It is a post mill with a single storey octagonal roundhouse. The roof of the buck is thatched. The mill is winded by tailpole and winch. The sails are Common sails. One pair has a span of 25.55 metres (83 ft 10 in), the other pair span 25.40 metres (83 ft 4 in). The sails are carried on a wooden windshaft. The windshaft also carries the head wheel which has 68 teeth and the tail wheel which has 67 teeth. These gears each drive a pair of 1.60 metres (5 ft 3 in) diameter French Burr millstones via lantern pinion stone nuts, which have 13 staves each.

Public access
The mill is open on Wednesdays 13:30-17:00, or by appointment.


Yoichi Naganuma (長沼 洋一, Naganuma Yoichi, born April 14, 1997) is a Japanese football player for Ehime FC on loan from Sanfrecce Hiroshima.

Career
Yoichi Naganuma joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2016. On March 15, 2017, he debuted in J.League Cup (v Ventforet Kofu).

Club statistics
Updated to end of 2018 season.

References
External links
Yoichi Naganuma at J.League (in Japanese) 
Profile at FC Gifu
Profile at Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Yoichi Naganuma at SoccerwayThe Commonwealth Fencing Federation  is the governing body recognised by the Commonwealth Games Federation as being responsible for the running of competitions in the sport of fencing within the Commonwealth member states.  The federation was formed when fencing ceased to be a core sport within the Commonwealth Games after the 1970 event.  It was previously known as the Empire Fencing Federation, which was formed in 1950.

Tournaments
The Federation oversees the running of the following tournaments

The Commonwealth Fencing Championships.  Events for individuals and teams Held every 4 years in line with the main Commonwealth Games.
The Commonwealth Junior Fencing Championships.  Junior (Under 20) events for individuals and teams usually held every three years and now include the option for hosts to hold cadet (under 17) events alongside.
The Commonwealth Veterans Fencing Championships.  Veteran event for individuals and teams aged over 40 but including various age categories as defined with veterans fencing globally.

Members
The following countries are recognised by the CFF as members and are able to compete at Commonwealth tournaments

Presidents
The role of president is an elected position voted for by all the member countries at congress which is held every four years in line with the Commonwealth Fencing Championships
The current president of the federation is Helen Smith (fencer) who has held the position since 2002.
Former presidents are...

Piers Jones (between 1992 and 2002)
Mary Glen-Haig (between 1978 and 1990)
J.Emyrs Lloyd (between 1974 and 1978)


Leonard Vyse Harper (12 December 1880 – 13 January 1924) was an English first-class cricketer active 1900–04 who played for Surrey (awarded county cap 1904). He was born and died in Balham.


Prudente de Morais Neto or Prudente de Moraes Neto (1904–1977), writing under the pseudonym Pedro Dantas was a Brazilian lawyer and journalist.
He was editor of the Diário Carioca. He was severely critical of left-leaning president João Goulart who was deposed by the 1964 Brazilian military coup, though after the coup protected leftist journalists among his friends.


"Back Up, Dancer" is the second episode of the seventh season of the American television series Will & Grace. It was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally and directed by series producer James Burrows. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on September 23, 2004. Guest stars in "Back Up, Dancer" include Will Arnett, Bobby Cannavale, and Janet Jackson.
In the episode, Jack (Sean Hayes) auditions to be a backup dancer for singer Janet Jackson, but in order to get the job, he must compete in a dance-off with a fellow named Artemus (Arnett). Meanwhile, Will (Eric McCormack) is torn between going out with his boyfriend Vince (Cannavale) and staying in to console Grace (Debra Messing) following her failed marriage.
"Back Up, Dancer" received generally mixed reviews from television critics, some of whom disliked Jackson's appearance on the show. According to Nielsen, the episode was watched by 15.32 million households during its original broadcast, and received a 7.1 rating/19 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic.

Plot
At the beginning of the episode Jack (Sean Hayes) learns he will have an audition to be a backup dancer for singer Janet Jackson. The audition was set up by singer Jennifer Lopez, whom Jack worked for in the same position after Lopez let him go. At the audition, Jackson decides that she would like five dancers instead of the six originally planned. Jack, "the newbie," and Artemus (Will Arnett), "the guy who's been here the longest," compete in a dance-off to determine the fifth dancer. Before the dance-off, Karen (Megan Mullally)—Jack's friend—visits to support her friend. She sees Artemus and reveals to Jack the two are former lovers. The two get back together which outrages Jack. Karen reassures Jack that their reconciliation will not affect him in any way, only for her to tell Jack to lose the dance-off. Jack tells Karen he will not throw the competition. During the dance-off, Karen pleads with Jack to lose which Jack ultimately does. Believing he won, Artemus tells Karen he used her to win. After deciding that she only needs four dancers, Jackson fires both Jack and Artemus. At the end, Karen apologizes to Jack for getting him fired.
Meanwhile, Grace (Debra Messing) copes with her failed marriage to Leo (Harry Connick, Jr.). She tries to move on, but mementos of the past do not let her. Her best friend Will (Eric McCormack) tries to help her but to no avail. While at dinner with his boyfriend Vince (Bobby Cannavale), and Vince's superior officer, Grace calls him, displeasing Vince. Believing that Grace might be suicidal, Will leaves to attend to her. Vince shows up at Will and Grace's apartment to confront her, telling her that she is affecting his relationship with Will because she is too needy. This prompts Grace and Vince to bicker, with the two asking Will to choose between them. He cannot choose between them as Grace is his long-time friend, but he also cares for Vince. The episode concludes with him telling Vince that he wants to work things out, but before they can discuss it, Vince sees Grace's wedding album, resulting in him being more focused on the album than the relationship.

Production
"Back Up, Dancer" was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally and directed by series producer James Burrows. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on September 23, 2004. It was confirmed in mid-2004 that singer Janet Jackson would guest star as herself on the television series Will & Grace. She recorded her lines in front of a live audience on August 17. Jackson's role in the show had been her first television acting role in nearly two decades. Jackson's last prime-time role was on NBC's Fame. She also appeared in the television shows Diff'rent Strokes and Good Times. In addition, Jackson's appearance came nine months after the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy. She told the entertainment news program Access Hollywood that she was a "big fan" of the show, and that she could not wait to join the cast for her stint. Also in this interview, she believed that Sean Hayes, who plays Jack, was a decent dancer. "I thought he studied dance. I really did, It's so funny. I have to catch myself because I'm cracking up in rehearsals. It's just funny to watch [the actors]." Jackson "had a tough time" on the set because she constantly messed up her lines. She admitted that it was not as easy as she had hoped it would be. "I flubbed my lines and got so frustrated when I made those mistakes. I haven't done TV since Different Strokes, and it's not like Saturday Night Live where you can read cue cards. On Will & Grace, they're always rewriting, so you're always memorising." Jackson, however, said that the dancing was the "easy part of playing myself".It was also announced that actor Will Arnett would guest star, as Jack's dance rival. Alex Herschlag, executive producer of Will & Grace, revealed Arnett's subplot in the episode, saying that Hayes and Arnett are "vying for a job as Janet Jackson's backup dancer." In an online chat session with the Los Angeles Times, Arnett revealed that the reason for his guest spot was due to knowing one of the writers of the show, and Arnett being friends with Hayes. In an April 2007 interview with The Advocate, Arnett said that he enjoyed doing his guest spot on the show.

Reception
According to the Nielsen system, "Back Up, Dancer" was watched by 15.32 million households in its original American broadcast. The episode received a 7.1 rating/19 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic, and was the eighth highest-rated show on the NBC network that week. "Back Up, Dancer" finished in 13th place in the weekly ratings for the week of September 20–26, 2004. Since airing the episode has received mixed reviews from television critics.
In preview of the episode, Phil Rosenthal of the Chicago Sun-Times said: "If you're going to book a former cast member from Good Times as a guest for your sitcom, do yourself a favor and try getting Jimmie Walker, John Amos or Ja'net Dubois before settling for Janet Jackson." Scott D. Pierce of Deseret News reported that Jackson's appearance "takes the focus off the regular characters" while Mark Harris of Entertainment Weekly commented that Jackson's guest spot "was an all-time low".Gary Susman of Entertainment Weekly was complimentary towards Jackson, concluding that she was "all business, playing it straight" in the episode. He reported that "she makes a fabulous entrance and departs with her dignity intact". Charleston Daily Mail contributor Kevin McDonough wrote that in the season premiere episode "FYI: I Hurt, Too" of season seven, singer Jennifer Lopez appeared "in a farfetched and laugh-free guest appearance. Tonight ['Back Up, Dancer'], it's Janet Jackson's turn. At least she has sitcom experience." In her annual countdown of the best quotes of 2004, Amy Amatangelo of Knight Ridder included Will Arnett's line "Like a Sicilian woman's eyebrows, we could not be kept apart". In March 2006, Entertainment Weekly named Jackson's guest spot as their number nine most memorable guest appearance on Will & Grace.

References
External links
"Back Up, Dancer" at IMDbEvangelino Nizzola Mendes Valentim (born 24 December 1984) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker. He most recently played in England for the Conference National side Tamworth.

Career
Early career
Valentim had unsuccessful trial spells with Derby County and Metz in 2006. While at Derby County, he featured for the club's development team in a 3–1 loss at Boston United and reserve team in a 3–1 defeat at Mansfield Town. While at Metz, he netted twice for the reserve team in a 4–2 win against CSO Amnéville.Before joining Scottish club Clyde, Valentim was last registered with Shooting Star in his home country of Nigeria.

Clyde
Valentim signed for Scottish First Division club Clyde by manager Colin Hendry on 21 September 2007 on amateur terms. The club signed Valentim after receiving positive reports from clubs in England where he'd had trial spells. He went straight into the squad for the league match against Dunfermline Athletic the next day, but was an unused substitute. He made his debut in a 4-2 league defeat at Livingston on 29 September 2007, with 15 minutes remaining and almost netted with his first effort at goal.Valentim missed out on making a late second-half substitute appearance in the league match at Stirling Albion on 6 October 2007 because he had lost his shirt. Valentim only made two further substitute appearances, in a league defeat to Morton on 20 October 2007 and a Scottish Cup win over Montrose on 24 November 2007. He was released by new manager John Brown after not being offered a new contract in late January 2008. Valentim did appear as an unused substitute on a further four occasions.Valentim's only goal for the first team came in a 1-1 draw against Queen's Park in a closed doors friendly on 4 October 2007. He did, however, score a total of six goals while playing for the reserve team in the Reserve League Cup during his time at Broadwood including a hat-trick against Raith Rovers and a brace against East Stirling. It was a competition they went on to win even after Valentim was released.

Tamworth
Valentim signed for the Conference National side Tamworth on 26 August 2011 after impressing whilst on trial with the club, He had been awaiting international clearance from Portugal, and once it arrived the player was named as a substitute in the 2–1 home win against York City on 8 September. Valentim made his debut for the club in the Birmingham Senior Cup first round tie against Boldmere St. Michaels. The game ended 1–0 with Valentim's goal. Valentim made just one league appearance for Tamworth before leaving the club in October 2011.

References
External links
Evangelino Valentim at SoccerbaseEstadio Municipal Escribano Castilla de Motril is a multi-purpose stadium, in Motril, Spain. The stadium holds 4,400 people.It is currently used, mostly, for football matches and is the home ground of Granada 74 CF.  On 24 November, 2011, the ground was home to a qualifying match for the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 between Spain and Germany.

References
External links
Escribano Castilla to be used as home venue for Granada 74 CF
Estadios de España (in English)Lecithocera persica is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae. It was described by László Anthony Gozmány in 1978. It is found in Iran.


Mount Remarkable is a mountain in South Australia located in the Flinders Ranges about 250 kilometres (160 mi) north of the centre of the capital city of Adelaide and immediately north-west of the town of Melrose, which was once named Mount Remarkable itself, and which is located at its base.The mountain has a height of 961 metres (3,153 ft). It and the adjoining range is described as having “high strike ridges on quartzite” with “lower rounded ridges on shale” and as having a “cover of forest, parkland and some woodland”.  Since 1972, it has been located within the boundaries of the protected area known as the Mount Remarkable National Park.  The mountain's summit can be reached via a walking trail known as the Mount Remarkable Summit Hike which starts in the town of Melrose and which is graded by the national park's managing authority as being a “moderate hike’ of a distance of 14 km (8.7 mi) and that has a “round” time of five hours.The mountain is reported as being discovered by Colonial Europeans and named by Edward John Eyre either in 1839 or on 27 June 1840.  Eyre is quoted as saying "from the lofty way it towered above the surrounding hills I named it Mount Remarkable."

Snow on the Mount
Various incidents have occurred when snow has fallen on Mount Remarkable. One of the most notable times recorded was in approximately 1890 when the top half of the Mount was covered in snow.

See also

List of mountains in South Australia


Mohammad Salamati (Persian: محمد سلامتی) is an Iranian reformist politician and economist.

Career
Salamati succeeded Reza Esfahani as the agriculture minister in September 1980 and held office until a cabinet change in 1983. He was an advocate of food self-sufficiency and believed "all other productive sectors of the economy were to be reoriented to meet the demands of the agricultural sector and not vice versa." Salamati adopted a decentralization policy and transferred administration and servicing from Tehran to provinces. In 1989, when he served as a member of the commission on financial and economic affairs in the Iranian Parliament, he criticized positioning Trade-Industrial Free Zones on borders.


Joseph Jerome Lambert (May 29, 1971 – August 11, 2007) was an American expatriate basketball player who is best known for leading NCAA Division I in rebounding in 1993–94 while playing for Baylor. A 6 ft 8 in (2.03 m), 215 pound power forward, Lambert accomplished the feat as a junior in his first season of Division I basketball. He had previously played for Westark Community College before enrolling at Baylor.
During Lambert's recruitment to Baylor, then-assistant coach Gary Thomas had committed a major recruiting violation to acquire him. Thomas had faxed a term paper to Westark assistant basketball coach Troy Drummond on April 5, 1993, which was a slight re-write of an article that had previously appeared in a women's magazine. Lambert then handed the faxed paper in to an English class to pass it off as his own. He ultimately chose to play at Baylor, with Drummond "coincidentally" becoming a new assistant coach at that school, and news of this violation did not come out until after the 1993–94 season, the season in which Lambert's 14.8 rebounds per game led the NCAA. He also garnered many accolades that season, including First Team All-Southwest Conference (SWC), SWC Newcomer of the Year, SWC All-Newcomer Team, one-time SWC Player of the Week and a three-time SWC Newcomer of the Week.Due to the scandal, Lambert transferred to Oklahoma State, but because of NCAA transfer rules he had to sit out one full year before becoming eligible to play his final season. In his lone season with the Cowboys, he averaged 13.0 points and 6.6 rebounds per game. He then went on to play professionally in Israel before coming home to work for Danfoss and serve as a firefighter.Lambert died at age 36 in Nevada County, Arkansas. He and his wife, Tracey L. Green, were both shot to death as a result of a verbal altercation between Lambert and another man. They had one son and one daughter together.

See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball season rebounding leaders


Denis Sanders (January 21, 1929 – December 10, 1987) was an American film director, screenwriter and producer who directed the debut performances of Robert Redford and Tom Skerritt in the 1962 film War Hunt. He won two Academy Awards, the first for Best Short Subject in 1955 for A Time Out of War that had served as his master's degree thesis at UCLA and which he co-scripted with his brother Terry Sanders; and the second for Best Documentary in 1970 for Czechoslovakia 1968. In 1958, he teamed up again with Terry Sanders to adapt Norman Mailer's World War II novel The Naked and the Dead.
He was born in New York City and died from a heart attack in San Diego, California, where he was professor and film maker in residence at San Diego State University. His daughter, Victoria Sanders, is a literary agent and film producer.

Selected filmography
A Time Out of War (1954) (with Terry Sanders)
The Naked and the Dead (1958, screen adaptation)
Crime and Punishment U.S.A. (1959)
War Hunt (1962)
Shock Treatment (1964)
One Man's Way (1964)
Czechoslovakia 1968 (1969) (with Robert M. Fresco)
Elvis: That's the Way It Is (1970)
Trial – The City and County of Denver vs. Lauren S. Watson (1971)
Soul to Soul (1971)
Invasion of the Bee Girls (1973)

References
External links
Denis Sanders at IMDb
Denis Sanders at AllMovieInvisible Tonight is the debut album by the American rock band The Nearly Deads. The album release was funded with a kickstarter project and was released on June 24, 2014.

Kickstarter
The Nearly Deads launched their kickstarter project on April 17, 2014. The goal of the project was to fund the release of the album and the tour. The project reached over $2,200 of their $10,000 goal within the first 24 hours alone. The project closed on June 16 with an amount of $13,006 from 274 backers.

Track listing
Personnel
"TJ" Theresa Jeane – vocals, keyboards
Steven Tobi – lead guitar
Kevin Koelsch – bass
Javier Garza Jr – rhythm guitar
Josh Perrone – drums


The American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery is a medical society for facial plastic and reconstructive surgeons. It exists to promote high quality facial plastic surgery, and runs courses, workshops, scientific presentations, and a training program.
The academy represents more than 2,700 facial plastic and reconstructive surgeons throughout the world. It is a National Medical Specialty Society of the American Medical Association (AMA) and holds an official seat in both the AMA House of Delegates and the American College of Surgeons board of governors. Its members are surgeons whose focus is surgery of the face, head, and neck, and who subscribe to a code of ethics.
All members are board certified by a specialty board recognized by the American Board of Medical Specialties. A majority are certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology, which includes facial plastic surgery. Other physician members are certified in plastic surgery, ophthalmology, and/or dermatology. A growing number of members are board certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.

See also
Australasian Academy of Facial Plastic Surgery

External links
Official websiteBlaming the Duck, or Ducking the Blame is a 1915 silent short film directed by Earl Metcalfe.

Cast
Billie Reeves - Jack, the Husband
Carrie Reynolds - Lucille, the Wife
Arthur Matthews - Lucille's Father
Jessie Terry - Milly, the Cook
Charles Griffiths - Barton, Jack's Pal
Patty De Forest - Miss Simpson
Mary Carr - Mrs. Jones (*as Mrs. Carr)

References
External links
Blaming the Duck,or Ducking the Blame at IMDb.comNocturnal is the second extended play by Canadian recording artist Roy Woods. It was released on December 23, 2016 by OVO Sound and Warner Bros. Records. The EP features guest appearances from Canadian R&B duo and OVO label-mates Majid Jordan and MadeinTYO. The first music video to be put out from the album was for the song "Love You" which released April 27, 2017. The album serves as a follow-up to his debut commercial mixtape Waking at Dawn (2016). The artwork was created by Corrado Grilli.

Track listing
Notes

^[a]  signifies a co-producer.


Sloppy Seconds Vol. 2 is a mixtape album by the CunninLynguists, released in 2005.

Track listing
"Cornasto"
"WQN5 Station ID #1"
"Play Hard"
"The Party" (Skit)
"What They Playin? (Blow my High)"
"Being Human's Hard"
"Fear"
"Clap"
"WQN5 Station ID #2"
"Wachugondo?"
"Break Even"Featuring Tripp Doogan
"Brain Over Muscle"
"Time (What is It?)"
"Friendgirl"
"Porcelain (Remix)"
"Miss Lady"
"Til' the End (C.A.L.I.)"
"The Talk" (Skit)
"Since When?"
"Mind Won't Behave"
"It's Over"
"Be Free (Remix)"
"W.C.G."
"Diamond Sky"
"WQN5 Station ID #3"
"What'll You Do?"
"Outro"Benton Harbor is a city in Berrien County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is 46 miles southwest of Kalamazoo and 71 miles southwest of Grand Rapids. According to the 2010 census, its population was 10,038. It is the smaller, by population, of the two principal cities in the Niles–Benton Harbor Metropolitan Statistical Area, an area with 156,813 people. Benton Harbor and the city of St. Joseph are separated by the St. Joseph River and are known locally as the "Twin Cities". Fairplain and Benton Heights are unincorporated areas adjacent to Benton Harbor.

History
Benton Harbor was founded by Henry C. Morton, Sterne Brunson and Charles Hull, who all now have or have had schools named after them. Benton Harbor was mainly wetlands bordered by the Paw Paw River, through which a canal was built, hence the "harbor" in the city's name. In 1860, the village was laid out by Brunson, Morton, Hull and others, and given the name Brunson Harbor.Brunson, Morton, and Hull also donated land and solicited subscriptions for construction of the canal, which was completed in 1862. It had long been recognized that a canal would be crucial to the town's development, both to drain the marsh and to provide a berthing area for ships. The canal, originally 25 feet (7.6 m) wide but expanded to 50 feet (15 m) in 1868, led to the town's becoming a shipping and manufacturing center for the area.In 1866, the settlement's name was changed to Benton Harbor in honor of Thomas Hart Benton, a Missouri Senator who helped Michigan achieve statehood. In 1836, Benton Harbor was organized as a village and in 1891 it was incorporated as a city.The House of David religious group was founded there and once ran a local amusement park.

21st century
The Benton Harbor riots occurred in 1966 and 2003. The first followed a fatal shooting, the second a fatal police pursuit. Several other riots also occurred in the intervening periods.

Water state of emergency
As with the 2014–2019 public health crisis involving the drinking water in nearby Flint, in 2018 higher-than-acceptable levels of lead were found in Benton Harbor's tap water. Water was starting to appear "bubbly and white" to "brown", with a "horrible" taste and poor smell. This was due to lead-based water service lines. Testing found the samples returned lead levels of 22 parts per billion, greater than the 20 parts per billion in Flint and the federal lead action level of 15 parts per billion. High levels of copper were also noted in the annual consumer confidence reports that have been required by Environmental Protection Agency.Concerns were with the health impacts of lead poisoning. As a result, residents were supplied with free bottled water, including for use with brushing teeth and cooking, for residences and schools. In September 2021, $10 million was budgeted to replace the lead service lines.

Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has an area of 4.68 square miles (12.12 km2), of which 4.43 square miles (11.47 km2) is land and 0.25 square miles (0.65 km2) is water.

Climate
Benton Harbor has a humid continental climate (Köppen: Dfa) that has very warm summers for the type and also less cold winters than many climates of the classification. Due to lake-effect snow there is very high snowfall relative to precipitation in winter, but far lower than some locations that are farther north in the state. Summer high temperatures range from 77 to 83 °F (25 to 28 °C) from June to August, but the apparent heat is normally moderated by mild nights.

Demographics
2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 10,038 people, 3,548 households, and 2,335 families residing in the city. The population density was 2,265.9 inhabitants per square mile (874.9/km2). There were 4,329 housing units at an average density of 977.2 per square mile (377.3/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 89.2% African American, 7.0% White, 0.3% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.8% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.
There were 3,548 households, of which 44.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.0% were married couples living together, 43.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.41.
The median age in the city was 28.3 years. 35.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 11,182 people, 3,767 households and 2,557 families residing in the city. The population density was 2,545.7 per square mile (983.5/km2). There were 4,492 housing units at an average density of 1,022.7 per square mile (395.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 92.40% African American, 5.48% White, 0.15% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.14% from other races, and 1.65% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.58% of the population.
There were 3,767 households, of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20.8% were married couples living together, 42.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.53.
Age distribution was 39.6% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.7 males.
The median household income was $17,471, and the median family income was $19,250. Males had a median income of $27,154 versus $20,105 for females. The per capita income for the city was $8,965, the lowest in Michigan. About 39.6% of families and 42.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 52.5% of those under age 18 and 29.7% of those age 65 or over.

Government and politics
The Michigan Treasury Department in 2009 sent a team to look into the city's finances. The team's report was a long list of mismanagement to the point that budgets were "effectively meaningless as a financial management tool." The city was $10 million underfunded in its pension fund and increasing budget deficits. In April 2010, Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm appointed Joseph Harris as Emergency Financial Manager. City staff was reduced by 30 to 70.

Harris was given expanded powers under a new law signed in March 2011 by Republican Governor Rick Snyder. Harris was previously the chief financial officer for the city of Detroit. On April 14, 2011, Harris suspended the decision-making powers of Benton Harbor's elected city officials, who can hold meetings but are not allowed to govern. The Michigan AFL-CIO president called the move "sad news for democracy in Michigan", but at least one city official, City Commissioner Bryan Joseph, supported it, saying the city had been mismanaged for decades.On January 4, 2012, city commissioners Marcus Muhammad and MaryAlice Adams held a press conference where they stated that if there was still an emergency financial manager administering the city when Benton Harbor hosted the Senior PGA Championship in May, an "Occupy PGA movement should sit in on the golf greens and driving ranges in protest." Occupy PGA did hold protest marches on multiple days during the tournament, but did not disrupt the tournament.On January 11, 2013, the Emergency Financial Assistance Loan Board (ELB) voted to replace Harris as the Emergency Financial Manager (EFM) for the city. On February 1, 2013, the ELB appointed Tony R. Saunders II as the youngest Successor-Emergency Financial Manager for the city of Benton Harbor.Library service for the city is provided by the Benton Harbor Public Library.
The town has a police department.

Education
The city is served by two institutions, Benton Harbor Area Schools within the Berrien Regional Education Service Agency, and Lake Michigan College, a two-year community college just east of Benton Harbor.

Economy
Whirlpool Corporation, the world's largest manufacturer of major home appliances, has its corporate headquarters in nearby Benton Charter Township, along with a new Riverview campus near the St. Joseph River in Benton Harbor and the Technical Center in St. Joseph.

Community organizations
Black Autonomy Network Community Organization (BANCO) is a political and social justice coalition working in Benton Harbor.

Transportation
Major highways
I-94 bypasses the city to the east and south, connecting with Kalamazoo and Detroit to the east and with Michigan City, Indiana, and Chicago, Illinois, to the south and southwest.
 BL I-94 travels through the downtowns of both Benton Harbor and St. Joseph. It mostly follows the former route of US 12.
 I-196 begins nearby in Benton Township and continues northerly toward Holland, ending at Grand Rapids.
 US 31 is currently a freeway (the St. Joseph Valley Parkway) from the Indiana border north, until merging with a five-lane road (Napier Avenue) to a brief connection with I-94. A freeway connection directly to I-94 is under construction as of 2022.
 M-63 serves as a loop route connecting with I-196 at the north and running through downtown St. Joseph. M-63 continues on to I-94 and then to M-139, where it ends. M-63 follows the former route of US 33.
 M-139 begins at US 12 near Niles and terminates at BL I-94 on the Benton Harbor–Benton Township border (the northbound direction terminates wholly within Benton Township). M-139 follows a former route of US 31 south of I-94.Spanning the Paw Paw River and providing an additional connection to St. Joseph, the Charles Freeman Joseph bridge on Whitwam Drive, is named for Benton Harbor's first black mayor, opened in late 2005.

Rail
The Amtrak station in St. Joseph is served daily by Amtrak's Pere Marquette passenger train.

Bus
Twin Cities Area Transportation Authority (TCATA) provides bus transit throughout Benton Harbor and the surrounding areas. Originally strictly a dial-a-ride service, it has recently expanded to include three fixed routes—Red Route, Green Route and Blue Route. Red Route serves Benton Harbor, St. Joseph, St. Joseph Charter Township, Lincoln Township, and Royalton Township. Blue and Green routes operate throughout Benton Harbor and Benton Township.

Air
Southwest Michigan Regional Airport provides non-commercial air service.

Shipping
Both Benton Harbor and neighboring St. Joseph are commercial ports that receive bulk goods from lake freighters.

Media
Benton Harbor is served by The Herald-Palladium newspaper, whose offices are in nearby St. Joseph Township, and is part of the South Bend/Elkhart television market. The Benton Spirit community newspaper has also served the community for the past 10 years. The paper was acknowledged by former Governor Granholm's 2003 Benton Harbor Task Force Report as a key communications stakeholder that "proactively assists in the total development of Benton Harbor". Benton Harbor is served by sister radio stations WCXT, WCSY-FM, WQLQ, WIRX, WQYQ, WSJM-FM, and WYTZ, as well as WHFB and some in the South Bend market. Additionally, most of the Chicago market TV and radio stations are available from 60 miles (97 km) across the lake.

Points of interest
Sites of interest in Benton Harbor are Shiloh House, built in 1910, which served as the administration building and men's dormitory for the House of David colony, a communal religious group; Morton House (on Morton Hill), built in 1849 by Eleazar Morton, which now houses a museum; Jean Klock Park on Lake Michigan; and the Golf Club at Harbor Shores. In neighboring Benton Township is a large fruit market that replaced the fruit market in the "flats" area of Benton Harbor, which was torn down during an urban renewal project in 1967.The main shopping center is The Orchards Mall.

Sports
An American Basketball Association team (ABA), the Twin City Ballers, played in Benton Harbor for a few games in November 2006, but left the city due to poor attendance at games. Another ABA team, the Lake Michigan Admirals, began play in 2009. The Admirals switched from the ABA to join the Premiere Basketball League for the 2012 season.
Jack Dempsey defended his heavyweight title on September 6, 1920, in Benton Harbor, defeating Billy Miske.
The city hosts the Maytag Ironman 70.3 Steelhead triathlon, a qualifying event for the Ironman 70.3 World Championship.
The city is the birthplace of Iris Kyle, the most successful professional bodybuilder ever, with ten overall Ms. Olympia wins and two heavyweight wins, along with seven Ms. International wins and one heavyweight win.

Festivals
Benton Harbor co-hosts the annual Blossomtime Festival with St. Joseph.

Notable people
See also
Flint water crisis

References
External links

Official website 
History of Benton Harbor and tales of village days (by James Pender. Chicago: The Braun Printing Co., 1915)
Benton-Michigan Spirit Community NewspaperThe Democratic Solidarity Party (Partido Solidaridad Democrática) was a political liberal party in Cuba. Although changes to the Cuban constitution in 1992 decriminalized the right to form political parties other than the Communist Party of Cuba, these parties are not permitted to campaign or engage in any public political activities on the island. The Democratic Solidarity party described itself as "an organization from within Cuba promoting democracy and the respect for human rights by the peaceful route." The last President of the party was Fernando Sánchez López. The party was a full member of Liberal International.
It merged with the National Liberal Party of Cuba in February 2014 to form the Cuban Liberal Solidarity Party (Spanish: Partido Solidaridad Liberal Cubano, PSLC).

Membership
In February 2007 the following persons were elected to the national executive committee of PSD:

Fernando Sánchez López, President.
Antonio Torres Justo, Vice president pro tempore and executive secretary
Carlos Aitcheson Guzmán, international relations pro tempore
Marcos Fiallo Samper, Finances
Ignacio Padrón Navarro, Organizer
Osmar Laffita, public relacions and spokesperson
Orestes Cartaya Lirio, youth issues
Juan de Dios Duke, human rights and attention to political prisoners
Raúl Chávez Valdivia, Representative of the oriental provinces Granma, Santiago de Cuba, Guantánamo.
Wilber Hernández Acosta, epresentantive of the oriental provinces Ciego de Avila, Camagüey, Las Tunas, Holguín
Rolando Delgado, epresentantive of the occidental provinces
Jorge Verrier Rodríguez, epresentantive of the central provinces
Rafael Arias Carmona, workers and farmers issues
Adolfo Fernández Sainz, international relations, imprisoned in the Black Spring of 2003
Margarita Cienfuegos, women's secretaryProvincial delegates

Rolando Delgado Ramos, Pinar del Río
Ignacio Padrón Navarro, Havana province
Hermes Diago Gómez, Matanzas
Ricardo Filgueira Fajardo, Cienfuegos
Juan de Dios Ortueta, Villa Clara
Rubén Mulén Torno, S.Spíritus
Israel Savigñon Revé, Camagüey
Amauri Peña Rodríguez, Las Tunas
Raúl Chávez Valdivia. Granma
Eidy Graña Toledo, Holguín
Dr. Arnoldo de la Cruz Bañobre, Santiago de Cuba.
Argos Alejandro Matos Ricardo, Havana city

See also
List of political parties in Cuba
Contributions to liberal theory
Liberalism worldwide
List of liberal parties
Liberal democracy
Liberalism in Cuba

References


== External links ==Cola de Zorro Formation (Spanish: Formación Cola de Zorro) is a geological formation cropping out along the Argentina-Chile border and composed of volcano-sedimentary and volcaniclastic rocks. It extends along the Andes between the latitudes of 36 and 39° S.

Description
The formation overlies across an angular unconformity older sedimentary rocks of continental origin as well as dykes and plutons that intruded these sediments. The unconformity has an irregular form attesting to a topography that was flattened out by the deposition of the Cola de Zorro sediments. Cola de Zorro Formation was deposited in Pliocene and Pleistocene times. The formation interdigitates with lavas of old and eroded volcanoes. Lavas of modern volcanoes, like Antuco, unconformbly overlies the formations and dykes associated to modern volcanoes intrude it. In some localities the formation is covered by moraines.
The Cola de Zorro Formation is largely undeformed except from some minor tilting caused by block tectonics. The strata of Cola de Zorro Formation are sub-horizontal. The formation is dissected by fluvial and glacial erosion. 
The formation is made up of tuff, volcanic breccia and volcanic agglomerate. The lavas are made up of andesite, trachyandesite, trachyte, basaltic andesite and basalt. Volcanic rocks of Cola de Zorro Formation belong to two magma series. Most volcanic rocks are part of a calc-alkaline magma series. Trachyandesites and trachytes of the Pino Hachado and Pichachén areas are alkaline.The southwestern fringes of Cola de Zorro Formation were redefined in 1997 as being part of Malleco Formation by geologists Manuel Suárez and Carlos Emparan.


Kandice Pelletier (born November 21, 1981) is an American beauty queen and swimwear designer from Marietta, Georgia who has competed in the Miss America pageant and on two seasons of the reality television show The Amazing Race. As of 2012, she was the president of Kandice Pelletier Swimwear.

Education
Pelletier graduated with honors from North Cobb High School in 2000 and went on to attempt a major in communications at Kennesaw State University.  Though she never graduated KSU she moved to New York City to pursue a dance career and earned a degree in entertainment communications at New York University.

Career
Performing arts
While in New York, Pelletier worked as a Radio City Music Hall Rockette and was immortalized into the Rockette wax figure at Madame Tussauds Time's Square location.  Pelletier later appeared in the movie-musical remake of The Producers as a member of the dancing chorus ("a girl with the pearls") .  Kandice appeared as the 'coach' on MTV's reality television series MADE in the episode entitled "Beauty Queen". It was episode 23 of season nine of the program.

Pageantry
Pelletier competed in her first Miss America state pageant in 2002 when she was a quarter-finalist in the Miss Georgia pageant as Miss Cobb County.  She returned as Miss Coastal Georgia the following year and placed first runner-up.  Representing Georgia, Pelletier went on to win the National Sweetheart pageant for Miss America state runners-up in 2003.After moving to New York to attend New York University, Pelletier competed as Miss Manhattan in the Miss New York pageant and placed first runner-up to Christina Ellington, who she had competed against at National Sweetheart.  The following year she won the Miss New York 2005 title, after winning the Miss Greater New York City local pageant.  In 2005, Pelletier was also a double state preliminary winner, with awards for swimsuit and talent.
Pelletier's sister Kendra Pelletier is also involved in pageantry.  She placed in the top fifteen at the Miss Georgia USA 2007 pageant won by Brittany Swann and 2nd runnerup in the Miss Capital City 2007 pageant in the Miss Georgia system. She also competed in the 2007 Miss Georgia Pageant as Miss Southern Rivers where she was a top 10 finalist.

The Amazing Race
She appeared on Season 10 with race partner Dustin, who competed at Miss America 2006 as Miss California. After traveling through Asia, Africa and Europe the pair finished in 4th place. They also competed in All-Stars season after traveling through South America, Africa, Poland, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Guam, Hawaii and their final destination in San Francisco, the pair finished in 2nd place, ultimately fell short in the final leg - losing the one million dollar grand prize and The Amazing Race: All Stars winners' title to Dating Eric & Danielle who competed on opposing teams in Season 9.

Vanity Fair
Pelletier appeared alongside James Gandolfini on the April 2007 cover of Vanity Fair shot by Annie Leibovitz.

Swimwear
In 2011, she started a swimwear line, Kandice Pelletier Swimwear, focused on providing swimsuits to pageant contestants. The company sponsors over 50 state pageants each year in the Miss America and Miss USA systems. The company also served as the official swimwear of the Miss USA 2014 competition, the Miss Teen USA 2014 competition, and the Miss Teen USA 2013 competition.In addition to Miss USA 2014, Miss Teen USA 2014, and Miss Teen USA 2013, Pelletier's clients include the last three winners of the Miss America competition, who each won their state titles wearing Pelletier's swimsuits earning Pelletier the nickname "America’s pageant swimwear expert".

Personal life
She lives in New York City.

References
External links
Pageant News Bureau profile
Kandice Pelletier - Amazing Race Wiki
Kandice Pelletier at IMDbThe Phantom Buster is a 1927 American silent Western film directed by William Bertram and featuring Boris Karloff in a supporting role.

Plot
Bill Turner, a construction worker, steals from the corporate payroll for a gang and frames his lookalike Jeff McCloud for the crime. After Turner gets killed in an armed robbery by Jim Breed, Jeff escapes from prison and takes Turner's place in the gang, which is smuggling firearms across the Mexico–United States border. After an ambush McCloud is cared for by Babs, who was betrothed to Turner by her grandfather. Breed appears and reveals Jeff's ruse, but he and Babs are rescued by law enforcement.

Cast
Buddy Roosevelt as Jeff McCloud / Bill Turner
Alma Rayford as Babs
Slim Whitaker as Cassidy (as Charles Whitaker)
Boris Karloff as Ramon
John Junior as Jim
Walter Maly as Jack
Lawrence Underwood as Sheriff

See also
Boris Karloff filmography

References
External links
The Phantom Buster at IMDbThe 29th annual National Geographic Bee was held in Washington, D.C. It was sponsored by the National Geographic Society. The State Bees were held on March 31, 2017, where the 54 finalists were determined. The 2017 Champion, Pranay Varada, received a $50,000 college scholarship, a lifetime membership to the National Geographic Society, and an all-expenses-paid Lindblad expedition for two to the Galápagos Islands aboard the new National Geographic Endeavour ll.

2017 State Champions
On March 31, 2017, the National Geographic State Bees were held across the 50 states, Washington, D.C., the Atlantic Territories, the Pacific Territories, and the Department of Defense. Fifty-four State or Territory level Champions were determined.

Preliminary Rounds
The Preliminary Competition was held on Monday, May 15, 2017. It consisted of two parts: a written part and an oral part worth 16 points total. In the written part, contestants were asked to write a sentence about why preserving oceans is important, identify places on a map that had been part of National Geographic's "pristine seas" project, and write an paragraph about which place needed to have steps taken for its preservation first: The Rio de la Plata estuary, the Sundarbans, or the Great Barrier Reef. It was graded out of six points total. The oral part consisted of ten rounds about world geography and National Geographic Explorers. All 54 State Champions participated, and after a tiebreaker ten finalists were determined: 

Ahilan Eraniyan- from California
Rohan Kanchana- from Delaware
Max Garon- from District of Columbia
Nicholas Monahan- from Idaho
Lucas Eggers- from Minnesota
Abhinav Govindaraju- from New Hampshire
Veda Bhattaram- from New Jersey
Pranay Varada- from Texas
Anish Susarla- from Virginia
Thomas Wright- from Wisconsin

Final Rounds
The Final Competition was held on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. The top 10 Finalists out of the 54 State Champions participated. Humorist, journalist, and actor Mo Rocca moderated the Competition for the second year in a row. The Champion was Pranay Varada of Texas. Thomas Wright of Wisconsin came second, and Veda Bhattaram of New Jersey came third. The GeoChallenge for the top three was about a new home country for the Maldivian people if their country becomes flooded after sea level rises. The choices were Indonesia, Turkey, and the Solomon Islands, in order of best to worst answer. In fourth place was Nicholas Monahan from Idaho. The fifth place finisher was Anish Susarla of Virginia, and Lucas Eggers of Minnesota came in sixth. Tying for seventh place were Rohan Kanchana of Delaware, Ahilan Eraniyan of California, and Max Garon of D.C. They were tied with Lucas Eggers, but in the tiebreaker question, asking for the distance between Washington D.C. and London, they were eliminated after Eggers guessed closer to the correct answer than them and he moved on. In tenth place was Abhinav Govindaraju of New Hampshire. The first eliminations took place after round 5, a lightning round, where four left the competition. The next three eliminations were after round 9, another lightning round.


Tajag (Persian: تجگ, also Romanized as Tajak; also known as Tījak, Tijg, and Tūj) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 34 families.


Mahendar Prasad Singh (Hindi: महेंद्र प्रसाद सिंह); (23 August 1949 - 16 January 2005) popularly known as Mahendar Singh was an Indian communist politician and guerrilla leader. Mahendar Singh was three time winning legislative assembly member from Bagodar the state of Bihar, later the state of Jharkhand as member of CPIML Liberation.Mahendar Prasad Singh was follow parliamentary and un-parliamentary both ways. He was a guerrilla leader of Lal Sena. He was shot and killed at Bagodar by the Maoists on 16 January 2005. At the time of legislative election he was campaigning for the fourth term when he was killed.


Isiolo Airport (IATA: n/a, ICAO: HKIS), also Isiolo International Airport is an airport located in Isiolo, Isiolo County, and Meru County, Kenya.

Location
Isiolo Airport is located on the border of Isiolo, in Isiolo County with half of the runway extending into Meru County. Its location is approximately 283 kilometres (176 mi), by road, and about 200 kilometres (120 mi), by air, north-east of Jomo Kenyatta International Airport, the country's largest civilian airport. The airport sits on a piece of land that measures 260 hectares (642 acres) and its passenger terminal building measures 4,500 square metres (48,438 sq ft). The geographic coordinates of this airport are:0° 20' 37.00"N, 37° 35' 16.00"E (Latitude:0.343610; Longitude:37.587778).

Overview
Isiolo Airport is a civilian airport, serving Isiolo, Meru and surrounding communities. Situated at 1,067 metres (3,501 ft) above sea level, the airport has a single asphalt runway 16/34 that measures 5,000 feet (1,500 m) long. In February 2013, Kenyan media reports indicated that the airport was undergoing renovations and improvements to International status. The improvements, at an estimated cost of US$11 million (KES:900 million), include lengthening the runway to 2,500 metres (8,200 ft). The renovations are expected to conclude in the second half of 2016. Official opening of the renovated facility is scheduled for January 2017.

Airlines and destinations
No airlines fly to Isiolo as of 2014, but the airport is being expanded.  Isiolo is planning to become a resort city in Kenya, which would motivate airlines to fly here in the future. As of January 2018, according to the Airport manager, Mohamed Lippi, only one airline, Fly Sax Airlines, was operating from this airport, offering passenger flights only.

See also
Kenya Airports Authority
Kenya Civil Aviation Authority
List of airports in Kenya

References
External links
Website of Kenya Airports AuthorityThe Nigerian University Games Association (NUGA) organizes university-level sports events in Nigeria. It hosts an interuniversity sports competition called the University Games. The first NUGA games were held at the University of Ibadan in 1966. 36 Nigerian universities are members.NUGA approves fifteen different sporting events at the University Games: track and field, badminton, basketball, chess, cricket, handball, hockey, judo, soccer, squash, swimming, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis, and volleyball.

History
NUGA was founded in 1966 at the University of Ibadan following the first West African University Games (WAUG) in Ibadan in 1965.
In 1970, NUGA became a member of the World Federation of University Games (FISU), and in 1974 was a founding member of the All Africa University Games Association (FASU).

Winners by medals table
The number of gold medals won in the competition are written in parenthesis. 


Chefa is the second studio album by German musician Miss Platnum. It was released on 25 May 2008 under the label Four Music. The album's first single Give Me The Food reached #11 of the Romanian charts. The album's second single Come Marry Me was released on 24 August 2007 and features German singer Peter Fox from the band Seeed.

Track listing
References
External links
Miss Platnum on MyspaceJosef Svoboda (10 May 1920 – 8 April 2002) was a Czech artist and scenic designer.

Education
Svoboda was born in Čáslav, Czechoslovakia (today the Czech Republic). He began his training as an architect at the Central School of Housing in Prague. At the end of World War II, he became interested in theatre and design. He began to study scenography at the Prague Conservatory and architecture at the Academy of Applied Arts.

Career
Svoboda became the principal designer at the Czech National Theatre in 1948 and held that position for more than 30 years. His multimedia installations Laterna Magika and Polyekran, realized together with director Alfréd Radok and his brother Emil on the occasion of the Expo 58 in Brussels, allowed him to be internationally known. These productions introduced the combination of live actors and filmed projections. Svoboda is also responsible for introducing modern technologies and materials such as plastics, hydraulics and lasers into his designs. In 1967, Svoboda created one of his best known special effects, a three-dimensional pillar of light. This was created by the use of an aerosol mixture which revealed low-voltage luminaries.
Josef Svoboda considered himself a scenographer rather than a designer; he chose to show a more holistic, architectural, non-naturalistic approach to design. His 700-plus designs include Insect Comedy (Czech National Theatre, 1946); Rusalka (Teatro La Fenice, Venice, 1958); Carmen (Metropolitan Opera, New York City, 1972); The Firebird (Royal Danish Theatre, Copenhagen, 1972); I Vespri Siliciani (Metropolitan Opera, 1974); Jumpers (Kennedy Center, 1974), many of them realized together with the opera director Václav Kašlík.
He left the Czech National Theatre in 1992. Year later, he became artistic director of the Laterna Magika Theatre.

Awards
Svoboda's honors and awards include honorary doctorates from the Royal College of Arts in London, Denison and Western Michigan universities in the United States, and awards from the United States Institute for Theatre Technology (USITT).  He was made Chevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in Paris in 1976, and received the French Legion of Honor in 1993.
Josef Svoboda died in Prague, where he was buried on 15 April 2002.

References
External links
Burian, Jarka. The Scenography of Josef Svoboda. Middletown: Wesleyan University Press, 1974, ISBN 0-8195-6032-4
Svoboda, Josef. The Secret of Theatrical Space. New York: Applause Theatre Books, 1993, ISBN 978-1-55783-137-8
Scenography website article on Josef Svoboda
Lanterna magika website article about SvobodaAmong the Ghosts is the tenth studio album by American country-punk band Lucero. It was released August 3, 2018 under Thirty Tigers.

Production
The album was recorded live at Phillips Recording with producer Matt Ross-Spang. American actor Michael Shannon features on "Back to the Night". The track "Loving" features on the 2016 film, Loving

Critical reception
Among the Ghosts was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 77, based on 7 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the release a 74 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 4 reviews.Mark Deming of AllMusic said the album "demonstrates how smart and versatile these guys can be; it's a brave and satisfying set that finds beauty and meaning in the valleys on the human experience." Eric Danton from Paste said of the album: "The songs are full of minor-key acoustic guitars, moody electric flourishes and downhearted piano parts, augmented here and there with overdriven, but restrained, riffs."

Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Charts


Doctors of BC, formally known as the British Columbia Medical Association (BCMA), is a professional organization that represents 14,000 physicians, medical residents and medical students in the province of British Columbia. Its goals are to promote a social, economic, and political climate in which members can provide the citizens of BC with the highest standard of health care, while achieving maximum professional satisfaction and fair economic reward. Membership is voluntary.
Doctors of BC represents physicians in negotiations with the BC government. It also advocates for physicians and promotes health and wellness for BC residents. Doctors of BC is a partner with the BC government on the Joint Collaborative Committees (JCCs) which are designed to improve the health care system with the goal of providing quality patient care.

Governance
Doctors of BC has a dual-structure governance model that consists of a Representative Assembly to ensure members' views are fully represented and a Board of Directors that has the legal and fiduciary responsibility to manage the affairs of the Association. The annually elected President serves as the primary spokesperson.

History
Doctors of BC was founded in January 1900 as the BC Medical Association with Dr R.E. McKechnie, a surgeon from Nanaimo, as President. In 2014, the BCMA adopted the name Doctors of BC.

Publications
British Columbia Medical Journal
The British Columbia Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed general medical journal covering scientific research, review articles, and updates on contemporary clinical practices written by British Columbian physicians or focused on topics likely to be of interest to them.  It is funded through Doctors of BC is editorially independent. It is published 10 times per year.

Arms
See also
Canadian Medical Association

References
External links
Doctors of BCThe Free Anti Revolutionary Party (in Dutch: Vrij-Antirevolutionaire Partij, VAR) was a Dutch conservative Reformed political party, which existed from 1898 to 1903. The VAR is historically linked to the Christian Democratic Appeal which is currently one of the major parties of the Netherlands.

Party history
The VAR was founded as one of several parties that were founded in the 1890s, which all turned against the leadership and ideology of Abraham Kuyper, the leader of the Protestant Anti Revolutionary Party.  Kuyper had initiated a new political course for Protestantism in the Netherlands, which included cooperation with the Catholics, in the coalition, strategical support for extension of suffrage a rejection of theocracy in favour of a specific conception of state neutrality, sphere sovereignty and a strong party organization and party discipline.  The opposition against Kuyper was led by Alexander de Savorin Lohman.
The elections of 1894 proved decisive.  An important issue in the election was the extension of suffrage proposed by the Minister of the Interior Johannes Tak van Poortvliet.  After the election two anti-revolutionary parliamentary parties were formed one, led by Kuyper favoured the suffrage which was backed by the ARP, while the other led by De Savorin Lohman rejected it. With De Savorin Lohman many aristocrats and noblemen left the ARP, as did adherents of the Dutch Reformed Church, as opposed to the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands, which was founded by Kuyper himself.  The group around De Savorin Lohman sought to found a new party. In 1896 they set up a commission to found a new party. In September 1898 the Free Anti Revolutionary Party was founded.In the 1901 elections the party won nine seats, four more than the five the free Anti Revolutionaries had won as individual candidates in 1897.  The religious parties won a majority in this election, a cabinet was formed by ARP leader Kuyper, which the VAR supported without providing any ministers.
In 1903 the VAR merged with the Christian Historical Voters' League to form the Christian Historical Party

Name
The term anti-revolutionary was used to denote supporters of the main Protestant party, the Anti Revolutionary Party, which denounced the French Revolution.  The dissenters against the organizational and political course of the ARP called themselves free antirevolutionaries, implying that they upheld the Anti Revolutionary beliefs without being a member of the strong party organisation.

Ideology and issues
The VAR was a conservative Protestant party. It saw government as a God-given institution, which should act according to Biblical norms. Society should furthermore follow its historical course. Power should not be based on the opinion of the majority but on authority.
The VAR was formed as a result of dissent within the main Protestant party the Anti Revolutionary Party. Unlike that party the VAR did not recognize Catholicism as a legitimate religion. The party was strongly anti-papist. According to the VAR the Netherlands was a Protestant nation. As such it was hostile to the Roman Catholic segment of society. It renounced the coalition between the Protestant Anti Revolutionary Party and the Catholic General League and more generally it rejected the antithesis between religious and non-religious parties. Catholic influences within society should be limited.
The VAR advocated limited government. It supported only limited government interference in the economy and instead advocated charity to help the poor.  Furthermore the party opposed general suffrage.

Representation
This table shows the VAR's results in elections to the House of Representatives and Senate, as well as the party's political leadership: the fractievoorzitter.  It also possible that the party leader is member of cabinet, if the VAR was part of the governing coalition, the "highest ranking"  minister is listed.

Electorate
The electorate of the VAR was mainly constituted by adherents of the Dutch Reformed Church from the upper class, especially nobility, land owners, high officers and high-ranking civil servants. It won and kept seats in several districts with large reformed populations, Goes in Zeeland, Apeldoorn in Gelderland, Dokkum in Friesland and Katwijk and Schiedam in South Holland.

International comparison
As a party for Protestant dissenters of a Catholic-Protestant alliance the VAR is a unique phenomenon in international perspective.  Its political course, which included support of limited government, rejection of universal suffrage and hostility against Roman Catholicism, is comparable to the course of the British Conservative Party in the late 1800s and to some extent American Party of the United States.


Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29, Dakura, Dakum, or Dunapurna) is a high mountain summit in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal), also known as the Gurkha Massif, in Nepal. It is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south. With an elevation of 7,871 metres (25,823 ft) above sea level, it is the 20th-highest mountain on Earth.
Despite its top 20 height, Ngadi Chuli has only been climbed once or twice. The probable first ascent occurred in 1970, when Hiroshi Watanabe and Sherpa Lhakpa Tsering, members of a Japanese expedition, climbed the east ridge and face. They left their camp V, at about 7,500 metres, for a summit attempt. About 70 m below the summit they disappeared out of sight for nearly two hours at 1:15 PM. On their return, after descending a difficult snow ridge, they suffered a fatal fall down an ice wall, from c. 7,600 m nearly down to camp 4 at 6,900 m, where their climbing partners observed their fall. Neither their camera nor Watanabe's ice-ax, to which pennants would have been attached had they reached the summit, survived the fall, so that no conclusive evidence that they reached the summit has ever been found. In order to achieve a confirmed ascent of the mountain, the Japanese organized three more expeditions, in 1974, 1978 and 1982, but these all failed.The first confirmed ascent was in 1979 by the Polish climbers Ryszard Gajewski and Maciej Pawlikowski via the West buttress, involving some class V rock climbing at great height.A British Army Mountaineering Association expedition attempted Peak 29 in the post-monsoon 1982 season. Adverse weather and logistical problems caused by the Falklands War, however, prevented the expedition from climbing above 20,000 feet (6,100 m).As of 2014, no further attempts have been made on the mountain since the last Japanese expedition in 1982.

Timeline
1961 First reconnaissance by Japanese climbers.
1969 Third Japanese attempt reached 7350 m.
1970 Probable first ascent, via the east ridge and face.
1978 Three climbers die in an avalanche during the seventh Japanese attempt.
1979 First confirmed ascent, by a Polish expedition.


Drumlanrig Castle is situated on the Queensberry Estate in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. The category A listed castle is the Dumfriesshire home of the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry.
 It is open to the public at set times.

Construction
The 'Pink Palace' of Drumlanrig, constructed between 1679 and 1689 from distinctive pink sandstone, is an example of late 17th-century Renaissance architecture. The first Duke of Queensberry, William Douglas, had the castle built on the site of an ancient Douglas stronghold overlooking the Nith Valley. The castle has 120 rooms, 17 turrets and four towers.In 1984, aerial photography revealed the outline of a substantial Roman fort some 350 yards to the southeast of Drumlanrig Castle. The fort was partially excavated in 2004 by the Time Team television programme.

Art collection
The castle is home to part of the Buccleuch art collection which includes Rembrandt’s An Old Woman Reading, and Leonardo da Vinci's Madonna of the Yarnwinder, which was stolen in 2003 and returned in 2007 after being found in Glasgow, and many other paintings, tapestries and objects of art. The Madonna of the Yardwinder is currently on loan at the Scottish National Gallery.
The stableyard houses the Stableyard Studios and cafe.

Etymology
The earliest record for Drumlanrig is from 1384, spelled Drumlangryg. There are a number of possible etymologies for the name. It may represent Cumbric drum 'ridge' + -lanerc 'small area of cleared woodland'. However, the first element may also be Gaelic druim 'ridge', either added to a Cumbric name or to Scots *lang-rigg 'long ridge'.

Gallery
See also
Tibbers Castle – a 12th-century motte-and-bailey in the Drumlanrig Castle estate
Treasure Houses of Britain – 1985 TV series that covers the house in some detail

References
External links
Official websiteNo. 1 (Indian) Service Flying Training School (No. 1 (I) SFTS) was a training school that was established to train Indian pilots during the Second World War. It became part of the Indian Air Force after the war.

Unit history
The unit was previously No. 1 (Indian) Flying Training School which had formed at RAF Ambala on 1 November 1940 however on 21 July 1941 it was then renamed to No. 1 (Indian) Service Flying Training School.

Aircraft operated
Hawker Hart
Hawker Audax
North American Harvard IIB
Hawker Hurricane IIB
Hurricane IIC
Hurricane IID
Hurricane IV
Supermarine Spitfire Vc
Spitfire VIII
Spitfire XIV
Airspeed Oxford
Avro Anson

Disbandment
The unit disbanded on 1 April 1946 at RAF Ambala.

References
Citations
Bibliography
Lake, A Flying Units of the RAF. Shrewsbury,  Airlife Publishing Ltd., 1999. ISBN 1-84037-086-6.

External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120803171431/http://www.bharat-rakshak.com/IAF/History/1940s/Trg-1SFTS.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20120803012709/http://www.bharat-rakshak.com/IAF/History/1940s/Trg-1SFTS02.htmlThe Curling World Cup was a curling tournament that was held as part of the 2018–19 curling season, organized by the World Curling Federation and Kingdomway Sports. The tournament had four legs: three qualifying legs and a Grand Final.

History
In September 2017, the World Curling Federation announced they had reached an agreement with Kingdomway Sports to create a World Series of Curling, to help develop the sport in the lead-up to the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. The tournament would consist of four legs, the first being in the Pacific-Asia Zone, the second in the European Zone, the third in the Americas Zone, and a Grand Final in Beijing. In January 2018, the World Curling Federation announced the name of the tournament would be changed to the Curling World Cup, and consist of men's, women's, and mixed doubles events.On July 19, 2018, details about the Curling World Cup were announced, including the host cities, format, qualification rules, and logos for each leg of the event.On June 17, 2019, it was announced by the World Curling Federation that the series would not be renewed because Kingdomway Sports breached their agreement with the WCF by refusing to make all their payments as outlined in their contract.

Format
Curling World Cup matches had eight ends, rather than the standard ten ends. Ties after eight ends were decided by a shoot-out, with each team throwing a stone and the one closest to the button winning. A win in eight or fewer ends earned a team 3 points, a shoot-out win 2 points, a shoot-out loss 1 point, and 0 points for a loss in eight or fewer ends.

Champions
References
External links
Official websitePedro Braga (born 27 February 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil.

Biography
Early life
Braga, the son of a doctor, comes from Belo Horizonte. He started playing tennis at the age of eight and competed as a junior at Wimbledon and the US Open in 1992. 
While at the US Open he was recruited to join Louisiana State University (LSU) on a tennis scholarship.

College tennis
In his sophomore year at LSU in 1995 he earned All-American selection and was named the Louisiana Player of the Year.At the beginning of the 1996 collegiate season he began struggling with a back injury which by April was bad enough that he was forced to pull out of the competition. An MRI scan revealed that he had suffered a spinal disc herniation and, then aged 21, he was informed he would never play tennis again. After undergoing back surgery he spent almost two-years out of the game before making his comeback in 1998.

Professional tour
Soon after returning from his back injury he began his professional career on the international satellite and challenger circuits. He went on to win a total of 11 ITF Futures titles. The closest he came to making a Grand Slam tournament was the Australian Open in 2003 where he made it to the second round of qualifying.Braga twice featured in the main draw of the Brasil Open, a tournament on the ATP Tour. In 2003 he partnered Júlio Silva in the doubles and in 2004 he was given a wildcard into the singles competition, where he lost in the first round to Peru's Luis Horna.In 2004 he was found to have tested positive to stanozolol, an synthetic anabolic androgenic steroid. A tribunal handed down a two-year suspension from tennis, which was the maximum possible penalty. The sample came from when he competed in the qualifying rounds of 2003 Brasil Open.

References
External links
Pedro Braga at the Association of Tennis Professionals
Pedro Braga at the International Tennis FederationLee Da-hyeon (Korean: 이다현; born (2001-11-11)11 November 2001) is a South Korean female volleyball player. She is part of the South Korea women's national volleyball team. 
She participated in the 2021 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League. 
On a club level she was 2nd pick in the first round of the 2019-2020 draft, signing for  Suwon Hyundai Hillstate. 


Sercomtel (Portuguese pronunciation: [se̞ɻkõ̞ˈtɛɫ]) is a local phone and internet service provider in the state of Paraná, Brazil. Its phone service ranges includes landline service, mobile and long distance, and broadband internet service. It was the only public telephone company in Brazil, until it was privatised and sold to the Bordeaux Fundo de Investimento in 2020.

Served areas
Until 2008, Sercomtel had the concession to provide service only in two municipalities (Londrina and Tamarana), even providing service in neighbouring cities.
On 29 January 2009, Sercomtel received authorization from Anatel director council to expand to the entire state of Paraná.

See also
List of internet service providers in Brazil

References
External links
SercomtelJames Wylie Huffman (September 13, 1894 – May 20, 1980) was an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician from Ohio. He represented Ohio in the United States Senate from 1945 until 1946.

Early life
Huffman was born in Chandlersville, Ohio on September 13, 1894 and attended the schools of Rich Hill Township in Muskingum County as well as schools in Ashland County. He was a student at Ohio Wesleyan University and Ohio State University, then worked as a high school teacher and principal for three years.

World War I
Huffman joined the United States Army for World War I. He completed officer training, received his commission as a second lieutenant, and was assigned as a machine gun officer for the 329th Infantry Regiment, a unit of the 83rd Division. He was subsequently assigned to the 120th Machine Gun Battalion, a unit of the 32nd Division. Huffman participated in four major American Expeditionary Forces offensives -- Aisne–Marne, Oise–Aisne, Meuse–Argonne, and Argonne Forest. In 1918, he was promoted to first lieutenant. After the Armistice of 11 November 1918 ended the war, Huffman remained in Germany for six months of occupation duty.

Career
Huffman was discharged from the army in 1919 and attended the University of Chicago Law School, from which he graduated with an LL.B. degree in 1922. He was admitted to the bar in Illinois and practiced in Chicago. He carried out a temporary appointment as an assistant state attorney general in 1923, then decided to return to Ohio.In 1925, Huffman married Margaret Catherine Donahey, the daughter of Governor A. Victor Donahey. Huffman served as Donahey's executive assistant during his governorship, and was a member of the state public utilities commission from 1927 to 1929. At the expiration of his term, Huffman began to practice law in Columbus. In 1944, Huffman ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for Ohio governor. He subsequently served as Ohio's director of commerce during the first term of Governor Frank Lausche.

U.S. Senator
In 1945, Senator Harold Hitz Burton resigned in order to accept appointment to the United States Supreme Court. Lausche appointed Huffman to fill the vacancy and he served in the U.S. Senate from October 8, 1945 to November 5, 1946, when Kingsley A. Taft defeated him in the election to complete the remainder of the term. After leaving the Senate, Huffman resumed practicing law until 1957, when he became president of the Motorists Mutual Insurance Company. He later became president of a newly-formed subsidiary, Motorists Life Insurance Company.

Death and burial
Huffman died in Pickerington, Ohio on May 20, 1980. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

See also
Election Results, Ohio Governor (Democratic Primaries)

References
External links
United States Congress. "James W. Huffman (id: H000913)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.Swiss Racing Academy is a Swiss professional development road bicycle racing team which participates in the UCI Europe Tour. The team registered with a UCI Continental licence for the 2019 season.

Team roster
As of 25 February 2021.

Major results
2020
Stage 1 Tour de Savoie Mont-Blanc, Joab Schneiter
2021
Stage 9 Giro Ciclistico d'Italia, Yannis Voisard

National Champions
2019
 Switzerland U23 Time Trial, Stefan Bissegger

References
External links
Official websiteCitizens Together (French: Ensemble Citoyens, EC) is a alliance of political parties in France, founded in November 2021 by the presidential majority. The coalition includes La République En Marche, the Democratic Movement, Agir, Territories of Progress, Horizons, and En commun. Prime Minister of France Jean Castex is also affiliated with the coalition. and seen by some media as a modern form of Giscard's UDFThe Political Alliance includes Christian Democrats, Conservative Liberals, Social Liberals, Third Way Social Democrats and Green Liberals. and describes himself as moderate.

Composition


Apollo is a 2006 album by stoner rock band Nebula. Some enhanced copies of the CD include a video of Nebula playing the song "Future Days" live in Japan.

Track listing
All songs written by Eddie Glass/Ruben Romano

"Orbit" – 0:39
"Loose Cannon" – 4:00
"Fever Fray" – 2:12
"Lightbringer" – 3:13
"Future Days" – 4:35
"Ghost Ride" – 3:00
"The Alchemist" – 2:51
"Trapezium Procession" – 1:01
"Controlled" – 1:48
"The Eagle Has Landed" – 4:20
"Fruit of My Soul" – 2:49
"Decadent Garden" – 2:50
"Wired" – 0:55
"Opiate Float" – 3:55

Personnel
Eddie Glass - Guitar, Vocals, Drums, Keyboard
Ruben Romano - Drums, Vocals, Guitar, Keyboard, Sitar
Tom Davies - Bass, VocalsProduced By Daniel Rey & Nebula

References
External links
Nebula's Official website
ApolloCurzon Artificial Eye is a British film distributor, specialising in independent, foreign-language and art house films for cinema and home entertainment.

History
The company was founded in 1976 by Andi Engel (11 November 1942 – 26 December 2006), a German-born film enthusiast, and his then wife, Pamela Balfry, who had a background working with Richard Roud at the London Film Festival. She became Artificial Eye's first managing director.Since 2006, Artificial Eye has been part of Curzon World, a group of companies in the film entertainment industry which also includes the Curzon chain of 13 cinemas plus eight joint venture cinemas, video on demand service Curzon Home Cinema, the retail DVD distributor Fusion Media Sales, and horror film distributor Chelsea Films (launched in 2010).Curzon Artificial Eye releases some 20 new theatrical films and 30 DVD and Blu-ray titles in the UK each year, as well as digital releases via several platforms, such as iTunes and in-house Curzon Home Cinema.On 23 December 2019, Curzon Artificial Eye, along with parent company Curzon, was acquired by American film distributor Cohen Media Group.

References
External links
Curzon Artificial Eye – official siteShunaam (Hebrew: שׁוּנֵם; in LXX Ancient Greek: Σουνὰν) was a small village mentioned in the Bible in the possession of the Tribe of Issachar. It was located near the Jezreel Valley, north of Mount Gilboa (Joshua 19:18).  
Shunaam is where the Philistines camped when they fought Saul, the first king of Israel (1 Samuel 28:4). It was the hometown of Abishag, King David's companion in his old age (1 Kings 1:1). The prophet Elisha was hospitably entertained there by a wealthy woman whose deceased son Elisha brought back to life. (2 Kings 4:8)

Shunaam is listed as a town conquered by the Egyptian pharaohs Thutmose III and Shoshenk I.Shunaam may have been located at the site of the modern village of Sulam.

See also
Shunamitism

References

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Easton, Matthew George (1897). Easton's Bible Dictionary (New and revised ed.). T. Nelson and Sons. {{cite encyclopedia}}: Missing or empty |title= (help)Fussball Club Ibach are a Swiss football team currently playing in Liga 2.,
the fourth tier in the Swiss football pyramid Group 3.
Based in Ibach, the club was formed in 1954.

Staff and board members
Trainer: Damian Appert

External links
Official website   (in German)Sacrifice (2010) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), which took place on May 16, 2010 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It is the sixth event under the Sacrifice chronology and the fifth event of the 2010 TNA PPV schedule.
In October 2017, with the launch of the Global Wrestling Network, the event became available to stream on demand. It would later be available on Impact Plus in May 2019.

Storylines
Sacrifice featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.

Results
References
External links
Tnasacrifice.com
TNA Wrestling.comDeborah Drake Matthews is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. She served as the 10th Deputy Premier of Ontario and was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 to 2018 who represented the riding of London North Centre. Matthews served as a cabinet minister in the governments of Dalton McGuinty and Kathleen Wynne.

Background
Matthews was born in London, Ontario. She is the third of nine children born to Donald Jeune Matthews, former president of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. Her mother was Joyce Eleanor Matthews, and her sister is Shelley Peterson, the wife of former Ontario Premier David Peterson.She graduated from St. George’s Public School and A.B. Lucas Secondary School. She studied at the University of Western Ontario where she earned a PhD in social demography. Her doctoral dissertation was entitled the "Consequences of immigrant concentration in Canada, 2001–2051." She worked at a number of positions in private business and also taught at the University of Western Ontario. Matthews was honoured twice on the University Students' Council Teaching Honour Roll at the University of Western Ontario.

Politics
Matthews has been involved in the Liberal Party since 1975, when she helped run Peterson's campaign in the old riding of London Centre.  She co-chaired the Liberal Party's provincial campaigns in the elections of 1987 and 1995. Matthews was elected as President of the Ontario Liberal Party in 2003 and held the post until resigning in late 2006.
In the 2003 election, Matthews defeated Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Dianne Cunningham by almost 7,000 votes.On October 23, 2003, she was appointed parliamentary assistant to Sandra Pupatello, Minister of Community and Social Services.
In the 2007 election, Matthews defeated Progressive Conservative Rob Alder by over 10,000 votes. She was appointed as the Minister of Children and Youth Services and Minister Responsible for Women's Issues after the election.On December 4, 2008, Matthews introduced Ontario's Poverty Reduction Strategy as chair of the Cabinet Committee on Poverty Reduction. The long-term reduction plan set a target to reduce the number of children living in poverty by 25 per cent over 5 years.
On October 7, 2009, Matthews was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace David Caplan.
In the 2011 election, Matthews defeated Progressive Conservative Nancy Branscombe by over 6,000 votes. She was reappointed as Minister of Health and Long-Term Care on October 20, 2011.In 2012, Matthews came under pressure because of revelations at Ornge, Ontario's air ambulance service. Members of the opposition Progressive Conservative and New Democratic parties called for her to resign. In response to the revelations at Ornge, Matthews announced an OPP investigation.During the Liberal Party leadership race in 2013, she was an early supporter of Kathleen Wynne's candidacy to lead the party.
Following her reelection in 2014, Matthews was shuffled from Health to a revamped role as President of the Treasury Board. On June 13, 2016, she retained her position as Deputy Premier and was also appointed as Minister of Advanced Education and Skills Development. She was additionally responsible for Digital Government.  Matthews was shuffled out of Cabinet on January 17, 2018, having declined re-election in the 2018 election.

Cabinet positions
Electoral record
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Ontario Legislative Assembly parliamentary history (archived)Dahlia Hill (DH) is both a protected garden area in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, encompassing 1.41 acres (0.57 ha) of terraced gardens, and the a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization that runs the garden. Located in the city of Midland, Michigan, they annually grow more than 3,000 dahlia plants.

History
Artist and teacher Charles Breed and his wife Ester moved to Midland in 1950 because of Alden B. Dow's architecture.  A gift of dahlia tubers to Ester from daughter Crisann on mother's day in 1966 began Charles Breed's fascination with dahlias. Twenty-five growing seasons later, Charles possessed 1,700 tubers. His design studio was located on West Main Street, next to a vacant lot on the corner of Main and Orchard Drive.  Bill Fisher purchased that unimproved parcel in 1968, intending to build condominiums there. Breed declined to sell his property several times, recalling that Alden Dow had told him that the only hill in Midland should have a special purpose.In 1992, Breed was given permission from Bill Fisher to plant dahlias on the vacant hillside property. Fisher Contracting brought in 200 cubic yards of topsoil, and Charles began planting his tubers, establishing Dahlia Hill.Breed constructed a new design studio and gallery on his adjoining property in 1997, which included a work room and storage space for dahlias. Fisher put in an irrigation system and expanded the planting area.The Dahlia Hill Society of Midland was incorporated in 1998 and began fund-raising to acquire the land where the flower garden was located. Midland lawyer John Riecker donated his time over a two-year period to form the non-profit entity, and his wife Ranny wrote a check to cover the $20,000 shortfall when the property was purchased from Fisher Contracting in August, 2000 for $175,000.A volunteer board of directors was elected in 2002, and they hired an administrative director. Heavy rains caused erosion problems in the mid-2000s, so a new fund-raising campaign was started in 2006 to pay for improvements. Stone slabs were ordered from an Escanaba quarry and eight stone terraces were constructed in 2007 at a cost of $290,000. The tiered garden was dedicated in 2008, along with four cast aluminum sculptures representing the four seasons/cycles of life, a gift from Charles Breed. Three stone stairways ascend the hill, with two large raised planters at the top. One is a memorial circle where cremated remains can be mixed with soil to become dahlias. The other is a donor circle containing the names of contributors on plaques for the founders, various improvement projects, and the endowment.According to Breed, Dahlia Hill is dedicated to Alden B. Dow because his talent, generosity and philosophy helped make the city of Midland unique.

Today
The garden presently is planted according to a plan each May  and includes more than 250 varieties within the 3,000 dahlias planted.
There is no monetary fee associated with membership in the society, but each member must commit to work at least 15 hours at the garden and attend biannual meetings. Inexperienced members may request a mentor to assist in row maintenance. Members receive ten tubers in the spring, and may pick a limited number of stems during peak blooming times. The dahlias are watered automatically, but members work on each row to remove weeds, stake and prune deadheads. Two weeks after the first frost, usually in late September, the tubers are uprooted, washed, divided, labelled and placed in climate controlled storage until the spring.

Attributes
In contrast to most other flower societies, Dahlia Hill does not grow for competition or flower shows. Their goal is to educate people about dahlias, and show dahlias in a garden setting. There is no admission for visitors  and no annual dues for members, so the society relies on donations and fundraising events to cover expenses. Dahlia tubers multiply during the growing season, so surplus tubers are sold in late May after planting is complete.
Businesses or individuals may sponsor a dahlia row in honor or memory of friends, family or events. 
A Memorial Circle atop the hill is reserved for the cremated remains of loved ones, along with a memorial plaque. The society also maintains a "Book of Memory" that contains a life history of those memorialized.

Endowment
To guarantee the future of the society, donors are encouraged to remember the society's endowment fund in their estate planning. The Midland Area Community Foundation maintains the Dahlia Hill Society Endowment Fund #244.
In 2011, Charles Breed put his vacation home on Long Lake near Traverse City, Michigan into a charitable remainder trust. It was sold the following year and, upon his and his wife's deaths, the trust will go to Dahlia Hill to help secure the future of the organization's free admission policy.

Recognition
Dahlia Hill has received two City of Midland beautification awards and the Keep Michigan Beautiful organization honored Dahlia Hill with the President's Plaque in 2010. The PBS television show, “Destination Michigan” recommended Dahlia Hill to its viewers, as did the Detroit Free Press. “The American Gardener” magazine included a six-page article about Dahlia Hill in their July/August 2012 issue. In 2013, the organization and its founder, Charles Breed, were recognized with a President's Award from the American Dahlia Society.

See also
List of parks in Midland County, Michigan

References
External links
Official websiteGuilin Laurent Bizanet (10 August 1755 – 18 April 1836) was a Republican French Revolutionary General who served during the American Revolutionary War, French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.

Life
Born in Grenoble, capital of the French department of Isère, Bizanet began his career as a sailor-gunner on 4 November 1780 and was aboard the Majestueux during the American Revolutionary War from 11 June 1781 to 24 January 1783.
After volunteering for the army, he became a brigadier-general on 22 August 1793 and a divisional general on 10 April 1794. He was a defender at Monaco in 1793 and at the end of the French Consulate in 1804 became the commander of the armies in Marseille.
He was named commandant at the fortress of Bergen op Zoom in 1810 and successfully repelled a night attack on 8 March 1814 led by General Sir Thomas Graham. After the attack, Graham wrote in a despatch to London:"Sir ... I am anxious too to do justice to the conduct of General Bizanet, which, truly characteristic of a brave mun, has been
marked from the first with the most kind and humane attentions to the prisoners."
Bizanet was commander of Marseille during the Hundred Days under Marshal Guillaume Brune.

Awards
He was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour on 12 December 1803 then an Officer of the same order on 14 June 1804. On 19 July 1814 he was made a Knight of the Order of Saint Louis by Louis XVIII of France.
His name is engraved on the 40th Column of the Arc de Triomph

References

Mullié, Charles (1851). "BIZANNET (N.)" . Biographie des célébrités militaires des armées de terre et de mer de 1789 à 1850  [Biography of the military celebrities of the land and sea forces from 1789 to 1850] (in French). Vol. 1. Paris, France: Poignavant et compie. p. 80 . OCLC 6510227 – via Wikisource.Shocking 5 (ショッキング5, Shokkingu Faibu) is Cute's 5th studio album. It was released on February 24, 2010 in two editions—a normal, CD-only edition (EPCE-5696), and a limited edition with an alternative cover, which came with a bonus DVD (EPCE-5694-5). Both editions contained a special photo-card.The album debuted at number 25 in the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart, remaining in the chart for 2 weeks.

Track listings
CD
"Everyday Zekkōchō!!" (ＥＶＥＲＹＤＡＹ 絶好調！！, In Perfect Form, Everyday!!)
"The Party!"
"Aa Koi" (嗚呼 恋, Ah, Love!)
Sung by Airi Suzuki.
"Bye Bye Bye!"
"Lonely girl's night"
Sung by Maimi Yajima.
"Kimi no Senpō" (君の戦法, Your Strategy)
Sung by Saki Nakajima, Chisato Okai and Mai Hagiwara.
"Shock!"
"Shigatsu Sengen" (四月宣言, April Announcement)
"Zansho Omimai Mōshiagemasu." (「残暑 お見舞い 申し上げます。」, Late Summer Greetings)
"Yume ga Aru Kara" (夢があるから, 'Cause We Have Dreams)
"Shochū Omimai Mōshiagemasu (H22 Remix)" (暑中お見舞い申し上げます(H22 Remix), Midsummer Greetings (H22 Remix))

DVD
Shigatsu Sengen PV (四月宣言PV)
Jacket & PV Shooting - Making of (ジャケット&PV撮影メイキング)
Off-shot slideshow (オフショットスライドショー)

Charts
References
External links
Shocking 5 at the official Hello! Project discography
Up-Front Works discographyThere are a wide variety of substances poisonous to dogs. Many pet owners have a general knowledge of dog health, but not of the larger scope of common substances poisonous to dogs. Recognizing the signs of poisoning will enable dog owners to get the help their dogs need when exposed to poisons. Dogs can be exposed to poisons in several ways: ingestion, contact, and inhalation. The most common poisonous substances include some human foods and medications, household products, and many plants. Understanding exposure and symptoms of poisoning and poisonous substances will assist dog owners in identifying how to get the correct treatment for their pet.

Exposure and signs of poisoning
Signs of poisoning in dogs are different based on the cause and the type of exposure. If a dog has been exposed to a poison, a vet or emergency vet center should be contacted. There are three basic types of exposure a dog owner should be aware of – ingestion, contact, and inhalation.

Ingestion
Poisons ingested are usually due to a curious dog eating or chewing on something that is poisonous or has some level of toxin in it.  Unknowing dog owners also sometimes give their pet medications that the dog is unable to break down and metabolize, thus becoming poisonous to the dog. Keeping toxic substances out of a dog's reach will avoid such scenarios. Medications and food intended for human consumption should not be given to any dog. Ingesting poisons may cause drooling, vomiting, diarrhea, irritability, tremors, twitching, seizures, rapid heart beat, coma, or death. The extent of the symptoms will change based on what and how much of a poison has been ingested.

Contact
Poisoning in dogs by contact happens when a dog gets the substance on its skin or coat. These can cause skin irritation and burns, but also become more dangerous when the dog attempts to clean the substance off his skin/coat by licking. Some of the substances can simply be immediately removed from the skin or coat. However, the dog may still need attention from a veterinarian.

Inhalation
Inhaled toxins usually cause a dog to have difficulty breathing. If a dog owner is aware of inhalation of poisonous substances, professional medical intervention is recommended.

Substances
Human food
In 2011, consumption of toxic foods was the number one cause of poisoning in dogs. In 2017, the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center received 199,000 poisoning cases, almost one-fifth of which were the result of ingesting human foods. Knowing which  foods are poisonous to dogs will protect your dog and keep them healthy. Every pet owner wants to share a "treat" with their dog, however, dogs can not break down many of the substances that humans can, thus the "treat" for the human could become detrimental to the dog. Chocolate
Chocolate is dangerous for dogs because they are unable to break down theobromine nor caffeine contained in the chocolate. Darker chocolate and baking chocolate contain a higher amount of theobromine, thus they are more dangerous than milk chocolate or white chocolate. Smaller doses may cause vomiting or diarrhea, but larger doses begin to affect the heart and brain. At higher doses the dog may essentially suffer a heart attack. Note that some dog treats that claim they include chocolate use carob which looks like chocolate.

Grapes/raisins/currants
These include any fruit of the Vitis species. The substance within these fruits that causes toxicity to dogs is not clear. There are two theories: mycotoxin or salicylate naturally found in grapes, which decreases blood flow to the kidneys. There is also no dose information to show how much is too much. This varies and one dog may tolerate grapes/raisins more than another. The safest amount is NONE, as it eliminates the possibility and is safest for the pet.

Macadamia nuts
Macadamia nuts have been included in the top foods to not give dogs. Like grapes or raisins it has not been clearly identified what is in the nut that causes negative reactions in dogs. Very small amounts of the nut can cause adverse reactions – "as little as 1/10th of an ounce per roughly 2 pounds of body weight." Macadamia nuts are singled out as having higher toxicity. Other nuts in general, are high in fat and can cause a dog to become ill. Dogs do not metabolize substances as humans can so keep pets safe by not taking the risk of feeding them any type of nut.

Xylitol
The FDA has issued alerts to notify the public that xylitol, a sugar substitute, is harmful to dogs. It is used in sugar free foods including gum and candy, and oral hygiene products. Some peanut butter will also contain xylitol. Xylitol can cause liver failure in dogs, as well as hypoglycemia due to the fact that it stimulates rapid insulin production in the canine pancreas. Some possible signs to watch for are loss of coordination, vomiting, or seizures. Xylitol is not always clearly labeled on sugar free foods. Ingredient listings should indicate if xylitol is in the product. Food labels with the listing for "sugar alcohol" may contain xylitol.  Other names for xylitol include birch sugar, E967, Meso-Xylitol, Xilitol, Xylit, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5-Pentol, and Sucre de Bouleau. Fruit pits and seeds
Apples are safe for dogs, but apple seeds are not. Apple seeds, persimmon, peach, and plum pits, as well as other fruit seeds or pits have "cyanogenic glycosides". For example, if an apple seed skin is broken as a dog is eating an apple, then cyanide could be released. Apple seeds should be removed before a dog is given the apple to eat.

Onions and garlic
The Alliaceae family, of the Allium genius, or the onion family, includes onion, garlic, shallots, scallions, chives, and leeks. These contain thiosulphate which can cause red blood cell damage and anemia. Thiosulphate poisoning from onions can cause orange to dark red-tinged urine, vomiting, and diarrhea.Many human foods may cause irritation to dogs or more serious problems when ingested in large amounts.

Medication
Over the counter medication
Human vitamin supplements can damage the digestive tract lining, especially those containing iron, and can lead to kidney and liver damage.

Ibuprofen and acetaminophen
(commonly known as Moutrin or Advil and Tylenol) will cause liver damage in dogs.

Prescription
Human antidepressant drugs like Celexa can cause neurological problems in dogs. 
ADHD medications contain stimulants, such as methylphenidate, that if ingested even in small amounts can be life-threatening to dogs. Examples are Concerta, Vyvanse, Adderall, and Dexadrine.

Household products
"Each year, there are almost 214,000 cases of pet poisoning in the U.S. Many of these were caused by household substances that may seem perfectly harmless."Substances with a pH greater than 7 are considered alkalis. Usually exposure is some level of irritation. However, these substances generally have no taste odor which increases the chance of larger amounts being ingested by a dog. At high levels of consumption alkalis become a greater danger for dogs. Bleach oven and drain/pipe cleaners, hair relaxers, and lye are examples of alkaline products.Ethylene glycol, antifreeze, is extremely toxic to dogs. It has a sweet taste and thus dogs will drink it. As little as 2 1/2 tablespoons can kill a medium-sized dog in 2-3 days. This type of poisoning is often fatal because dog owners do not know their pet has ingested the antifreeze. De-icing fluids can also contain ethylene glycol.
Paraquat is used for weed and grass control. It is so toxic that blue dye is added so it is not confused with coffee, a pungent odor is added as a warning and a vomiting agent in case it is ingested. In the US, it can only be used by those with a commercial license for its use. It is one of the most commonly used herbicides worldwide. Outside of the US, the licensing requirements may not exist.

Pesticides
Pesticides containing organophosphates can be fatal to dogs. "Disulfoton is an example found in rose care products." "They're considered junior-strength nerve agents because they have the same mechanism of action as nerve gases like sarin", explained Dana Boyd Barr, an exposure scientist at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, who has studied organophosphate poisoning. Organophosphates are not banned from use, but require licensing for use.

Rodenticides
Zinc phosphide is a common ingredient in rat poison or rodenticide. Zinc phosphide is a combination of phosphorus and zinc. If ingested, acid in a dog's stomach turns the compound into phosphine, which is a toxic gas. The phosphine gas crosses into the dog's cells and causes the cell to die. Signs of poisoning include vomiting, anxiety, and loss of coordination. If a dog has not eaten and has an empty stomach when ingesting zinc phosphide, signs may not be apparent for up to 12 hours.Strychnine is another rodenticide that is dangerous and causes similar reactions to zinc phosphide exposure. If a dog survives 24-48 hours after this type of poisoning, they generally recover well.

Veterinary Products
Rimadyl, Dermaxx and Previcox are types of NSAIDs specifically for veterinary use for osteoarthritis, inflammation, and pain control in dogs. These can cause liver/kidney issues in dogs. 
In most cases issues of poisoning by veterinary products are due to incorrect administration by the veterinarian or the dog owner.

Plants
Daffodil
Daffodils contain lycorine which can cause vomiting, drooling, diarrhea, stomach ache, heart, and breathing issues. Any part of the plant may induce side effects, but the bulb is the most toxic. At higher amounts the toxin can cause gastrointestinal issues or drop in blood pressure. 

Tulip
Any part of the tulip can be poisonous but the bulb is the most toxic causing irritation in the mouth and throat. Signs of this type of poisoning are drooling, vomiting, stomach ache, and diarrhea.

Azalea
Azaleas contain grayanotoxins. This toxin passes through the dog's body quickly and symptoms of vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain, weakness, or abnormal hear rate usually subside in a few hours.

Oleander
Oleander contains cardiac glycosides oleandrin and nerioside, and when ingested can result in fatal heart abnormalities, muscle tremors, incoordination, vomiting, and bloody diarrhea. The signs can start with in a few hours and cause a dog's condition to decline quickly, thus treatment is often not successful.

Dieffenbachia
Dieffenbachia causes oral irritation, vomiting, and difficulty swallowing in dogs. This plant contains calcium oxalate crystals. After ingestion, a dog  may have a hard time swallowing, begin drooling, or coughing as if choking. Dieffenbachia can cause damage to the liver and kidneys leading to death, comas or permanent damage to critical organs, including the liver and kidneys, which may even lead to death.

Sago palm
"Sago palms are toxic to all pets and the symptoms include vomiting, diarrhea, seizures, liver failure, and potentially death", says Laura Stern, DVM, DABVT, director of client programs for the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center. And while the leaves and bark will harm your pup, “the seeds or ‘nuts’ contain the largest amount of toxins,” she claims.

Cyclamen
Possibly all species of cyclamen are toxic to dogs. Cyclamen contains triterpenoid saponins that irritate skin and are toxic to dogs.

Castor bean
Castor beans or the castor oil plant contain ricin which is toxic to dogs. It can be fatal depending on how much of the plant is ingested. The beans of the plant have a higher concentration of ricin and if chewed instead of swallowed whole will cause increased toxicity levels.

Hemlock
The USDA lists water hemlock as “the most violently toxic plant that grows in North America.” Dog deaths due to hemlock poisoning are unusual. Most animal deaths are cows or other grazing animals. If a dog does ingest hemlock, the cicutoxin in the plant can be fatal very quickly as it causes the heart and nervous system to not be able to function normally.

Treatment
There are many possible treatment paths for poisoning in dogs. One of the most important parts of any treatment is timing. A dog that has been exposed to a toxic substance has a better chance of recovery if treatment is initiated quickly.  A veterinarian can determine if inducing vomiting is an appropriate action to remove a poisonous substance from a dog's stomach.  Treatment for swelling may require an anti-histamine or other inflammatory drug to reduce swelling.  Dogs may be put under anesthesia in order for their stomach to be flushed or given an activated charcoal solution to prevent absorption in the stomach. 
Blood tests will indicate enzyme levels related to liver, kidney and bowel functions. Blood tests will also show levels of red and white blood cells and platelet levels. Just as in humans there are established ranges for normal functions and blood tests results will indicate what may be malfunctioning in a dog's body. 
In the case of poisons that cause liver damage, intravenous fluids assist in flushing toxins from the dog's body and may be combined with medications to help liver functions.Treatment will be more effective if the type of poison is known. 


Gheorghe Zane (April 11, 1897 – May 22, 1978) was a Romanian economist and historian.
Born in Galați, he attended Vasile Alecsandri National College before enrolling in the law faculty of the University of Iași. He graduated from that institution in 1920, earning a doctorate from the University of Bucharest in 1923. His first teaching job, from 1921 to 1924, was at the agriculture faculty in Iași, where his courses dealt with political economy. Securing a post as associate professor in the same subject at the Iași law faculty in 1924, he advanced to full professor in 1929, teaching the history of economic doctrines. The following year, he switched to teaching political economy and finance, continuing to do so until 1945. From 1945 to 1948, he taught political economy and rationalization at the Bucharest Polytechnic Institute. Subsequently, after the onset of the Communist regime, he worked at Bucharest's Economic Research Institute. He became a corresponding member of the Romanian Academy in 1965 and was promoted to titular member in 1974. He died in Bucharest.The author of a copious body of work, he is considered to have introduced to Romania the systematic study of the history of economic concepts. In addition, he researched political economy, economic history and public finance, and edited the complete works of Nicolae Bălcescu. An institute of the Romanian Academy dedicated to economic and social science research, located in Iași, is named after Zane. Gheorghe Zane University, a private institution, functioned in the same city between 1996 and 2013.


== Notes ==Jeon-gwan ye-u  refers to an informal arrangement in the South Korean legal system whereby retired judges and public prosecutors who go on to become lawyers in private practise receive special treatment from their incumbent former colleagues. A paper from the Korea Institute of Public Administration describes it as one of the four major problems caused by the way in which South Korea appoints judicial officers. The term may also be used more broadly to refer to preferential treatment for retired regulators who go on to take private-sector jobs in the industries which they were previously responsible for regulating, a form of regulatory capture.It is variously translated into English as:

"privileges of former post"
"allowing privileges associated with one's former post"
"special consideration to former judges and prosecutors"
"honorable treatment to retired colleagues"

Roots
Jeon-gwan ye-u is said to be a result of South Korea's system of legal education and appointment of judges. All law students who pass the bar examination (formerly limited to 300 students, though the cutoff was raised to 1,000 in the early 2000s) attend a two-year course at the Judicial Training Research Institute before being considered for appointment as a judge or public prosecutor; this training offers them the opportunity to develop close bonds with one another. Those who are not appointed have the option of becoming defense attorneys, or pursuing other professions. Judges and public prosecutors are thus appointed to their positions at a young age, and many retire early, in their 40s and 50s, in order to work as private attorneys.

Effects
The exact nature of the "special consideration" may vary. Prosecutors and judges, for their part deny that there is any impropriety at all. However, as stated by the Doosan Encyclopedia, the practise may extend as far as former judges and prosecutors being given a favourable ruling at their first trial in private practise, regardless of its merits. Because of the perception that it will offer them an advantage in their cases, clients thus prefer to engage the services of defense attorneys who have previously served as judges or public prosecutors. Judges-turned-lawyers are thus able to command much higher fees than their competitors. These factors have resulted in "deep-rooted distrust in the criminal justice system" by the public.In 2003, a Supreme Court of South Korea spokesperson admitted that cases taken up by former Supreme Court officials had a far lower rate of dismissal than cases in general.  In a 2006 article about the jeon-gwan ye-u phenomenon, South Korean newspaper Hankyoreh reported that of 32 former Supreme Court judges who had retired since 1990, 29 had since gone into private practise, indicating the potential extent of the phenomenon. The group of retired judges as a whole exhibited an unusually high acceptance rate for their cases of 63.2%, among whom the two highest were Yi Don-hoe at 94.3% and Song Jin-hun at 92.7%. A 2008 statistical analysis of the problem in the Hankook Ilbo, centred on seven former Supreme Court judges who retired in 2005 to take up private practise, found that from July 2006 to June 2008, only 26% of their 225 civil cases which went before the Supreme Court were dismissed, in comparison to an average rate of 58 to 63% for all lawyers. Below the Supreme Court, the ratio of former District Court officials who took on district court criminal cases from 2004 to 2006 (as a proportion of all lawyers appearing before the district court) ranged from a high of 100% (18 out of 18) in Suwon, to a low of 32% (9 out of 28) in Cheongju; eight out of the nine top-ranking districts in this regard were in the Seoul National Capital Area.

Suppression efforts
Efforts were made as early as 1973 to control the issue of jeon-gwan ye-u, by placing limits on the ability of retired prosecutors and judges to open their own law firms. Later, a new law was proposed in 1998, specifying that a lawyer who was once a judge or a prosecutor must not serve as a lawyer within two years at criminal trials of a court of which he was a member directly before. The law did not pass the National Assembly due to pressure from the assembly's own Legal Affairs Committee as well as the legal profession at large; however, it was again proposed in 1999, and passed in January 2000. In December 2004, the Judicial Reform Commission proposed the creation of a voluntary central judicial ethics council as a means of controlling the problem. In March 2010, the Grand National Party proposed widening the restrictions, barring judges-turned-lawyers from taking cases in the entire region where they previously served as district judges for a period of one year.

See also
Old boy network
Amakudari

Notes
Sources
Jang, Jun-o; Yi, Cheon-hyeon; Choe, Sun-yong (December 2007), 법관 임용방식의 발전 과정과 개선 방안 [Appointment method of legal officials: development process and plan for improvement] (PDF), Korea Institute of Public Administration, archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-07-22
Park, Hyungkwan (April 2010), "The Basic Features of the First Korean Sentencing Guidelines", Federal Sentencing Reporter, 22 (4): 262–271, doi:10.1525/fsr.2010.22.4.262
Freely available draft version: Park, Hyungkwan (August 2009), "The Basic Features of the First Korean Sentencing Guidelines", Annual Conference of the National Association of Sentencing Commissions (PDF), Baltimore, Maryland. Slides here. Note that the pagination differs significantly.

External links
Unjust Justice: Retired Judges Should Not Seek 'Special Treatment', an English-language editorial from The Korea Times
(in Korean) Full text of a statement by Sin Jung-cheol to the Discussion Group on Special Treatment for Former Officials, from Law Issue (a South Korean legal magazine)Commodore John Charles Pritz (Portuguese: João Carlos Pedro Pritz) was a Danish mariner who had a career with the Brazilian Imperial Navy during the Cisplatine War.

Biography
Pritz was part of the First Division, also called División Bloqueo, of the Brazilian navy operating in the waters of the Rio de la Plata during the Cisplatine War.  The mission of this squadron, initially commanded by James Norton but eventually taken over by Pritz, was to blockade the primary Argentine port of Buenos Aires.  Although the squadron had superior resources compared to the Argentine navy, commanded by William Brown, it was unable to stop the Argentines from routinely escaping.
While in command of the frigate Dona Paula, Pritz participated in the naval battles of Los Pozos on 11 June  1826 and of Quilmes on 30 June 1826.
On 8 April 1827, Pritz—by that time a commodore, was one of the participants in the Battle of Monte Santiago, in which the superior firepower of the Brazilians forced two grounded Argentine brigs to rely on the support of a schooner.

References
Carranza, Angel Justiniano, "Campañas Navales de la República Argentina", Talleres de Guillermo Kraft Ltda., Buenos Aires, 2º edición, 1962
Arguindeguy, Pablo E. CL, y Rodríguez, Horacio CL; "Buques de la Armada Argentina 1810-1852 sus comandos y operaciones", Buenos Aires, Instituto Nacional Browniano, 1999
Vale, Brian, Una guerra entre ingleses, Instituto De Publicaciones Navales, 2005, ISBN 950-899-057-0Christopher Francis Wakefield (born 11 October 1991) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Wakefield was born at Hammersmith in October 1991. He was educated at Wellington College and St Benedict's School, before going up to Leeds Metropolitan University. While studying at Leeds, he played two first-class cricket matches for Leeds/Bradford MCCU against Sussex and Yorkshire in 2015. Playing as a wicket-keeper, he scored 7 runs in his two matches and took 4 catches.

References
External links
Chris Wakefield at ESPNcricinfoThe Dallara F189 was a Formula One car designed by Gian Paolo Dallara and Mario Tollentino for use by the BMS Scuderia Italia team during the 1989 Formula One season. Its best finish was achieved by Andrea de Cesaris when he finished third at the Canadian Grand Prix.

Development
The Dallara F189, designed by Gian Paolo Dallara and Mario Tollentino, was an evolution of the previous year's Dallara F188. It was powered by   Cosworth DFR V8 engines prepared by Heini Mader.

Race history
For 1989, BMS Scuderia Italia expanded to a two car team. Alex Caffi remained on the roster, joined by the very experienced Andrea de Cesaris. As Caffi scored no points in 1988, and de Cesaris had scored three points for Rial, this actually meant that Caffi was bumped into pre-qualifying for the first half of the season. However, with a good car and Pirelli's generally strong qualifying tyres this normally was not much of a problem for Caffi.In the team's other entry, de Cesaris qualified in 15th place for the season opening Brazilian Grand Prix and was classified 13th even though engine problems meant he failed to finish. His best race was in Canada when, in a rain-affected event, he finished third from ninth on the grid (his best qualifying performance of the year).  This, his only points finish of the year, was the first of two podiums achieved by Scuderia Italia in Formula One and would prove to be de Cesaris' last podium finish in the category. At the following race in France he failed to qualify, though he made every other race, mostly in the second half of the grid.Caffi in the meantime failed to pre-qualify in Brazil and he would repeat this feat later in the year at the British Grand Prix. These proved to be anomalies as he made the field for the other 14 races of the season, usually ahead of De Cesaris, and in some cases well inside the top half of the grid. He qualified sixth in Phoenix and ran as high as second at one point before retiring after suffering suspension damage when he was pushed into a concrete barrier while attempting to lap his own team mate Andrea de Cesaris. Later in the year, in Hungary, Caffi did even better by placing his F189 third on the grid behind only the McLaren-Honda of defending World Champion Ayrton Senna and the pole winning Williams-Renault of Riccardo Patrese, both using more powerful V10 engines (immediately behind Caffi on the grid were Patrese's team mate Thierry Boutsen and Senna's team mate, 1989 World Champion Alain Prost). This failed to translate into points however, and he was only seventh in the race itself. Caffi finished in the points on two occasions; fourth at Monaco and sixth in Canada, the only race at which both Dallara drivers finished in the points. These points saw Caffi 'graduate' and not have to pre-qualify for the second half of the season.
By the end of the season, Caffi was ranked 13th, alongside De Cesaris, in the Drivers' Championship with four points. Meanwhile, BMS Scuderia Italia's eight points in total placed them eighth in the Constructors' Championship.

Complete Formula One results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate fastest lap)

Notes
References
Nye, Doug (1992). Autocourse History of the Grand Prix Car 1966–1991. Richmond, Surrey, United Kingdom: Hazelton Publishing. ISBN 0905138945.Ana María Ruiz Polvorosa (born 14 December 1987) credited as Ana Polvorosa, Ana María Ruiz or Ana Mª Ruiz is a Spanish film, theatre and television actress.

Early life
She was born Ana María Ruiz Polvorosa in Madrid, Spain on 14 December 1987.

Career
She has appeared in various film, theatre and television productions.

Filmography
Theatre work
Television work
Guest appearances
Notes
External links
Ana Polvorosa at IMDb
Ana Polvorosa on TwitterBilly Goldberg (born April 10, 1966) is a New York City emergency medicine physician at the NYU School of Medicine (Bellevue Hospital and New York University (NYU) Medical Center), where he is also an Assistant Professor and an Assistant Director in the Department of Emergency Medicine. He graduated from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1992.
He has collaborated with writer Mark Leyner on two books of answers to commonly pondered, though discomforting, medical questions.  The two plan on making a third book to be released sometime in 2013. "That is if we're not dead from drinking all of those martinis and whiskey sours" said Mark Leyner when interviewed about the upcoming book.
The books are:

Why Do Men Have Nipples? Hundreds of Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Martini (2005)
Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? More Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Whiskey Sour (2006).In September 2005, Nipples was #1 on the New York Times Bestselling Paperback Advice Books List.
Goldberg and Leyner attempt to answer questions such as, "What causes an ice cream headache?"; "Does it really take seven years to digest gum?"; and, "Why does your pee smell after eating asparagus?"In an interview, Goldberg posits the philosophy behind the books: "We spend every moment walking around in this incredibly well-constructed but hard-to-figure-out machine that is our bodies. Everything we do — when we think, when we hear, when we smell, when we eat — there are these processes that are happening that we don’t understand. You can’t escape from having these moments thinking, how does it work?"

References
External links
AOL Books Interview with Mark Leyner and  Billy Goldberg (doctor) on the book Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? More Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Whiskey Sour from 2006.Bettye J. Stull (June 13, 1931 in Wheeling, West Virginia) is a curator, arts educator, and collector and is a pivotal figure in the Columbus Black arts community, known for her mentorship of young Black women, including artist April Sunami and activist Jessica Byrd. In her work as staff curator at the King Arts Complex, she was the founding director of the Elijah Pierce Gallery. Her other African and African-American art shows have appeared at the Ohio Craft Museum, the McCoy Community Arts Center, the Cultural Arts Center and several other area venues. She served as an art advisor for the Long Street Bridge “Culture Wall,” a collaboration between the City of Columbus, the Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission, and the Ohio Department of Transportation, which created an innovative arts-based solution to the long-standing problem of urban neighborhoods divided by freeways.

Personal life
Stull was married to ceramicist Robert J. Stull, a professor of art at Ohio State University, from 1971 until his death in 1994. Professor Stull was the Dean of the Fine Arts department from 1979 to 1984.

Awards and honors
Greater Columbus Arts Council Award, 2011
Award for Outstanding Achievement, the Ohio Craft Museum, 2012
Lincoln Theatre Walk of Fame Inductee, 2019


Joe Farrell Quartet is a jazz album by Joe Farrell that was released by CTI Records. It was recorded at the Van Gelder Studio on July 1 and 2, 1970. Guitarist John McLaughlin plays on two tracks, and there are two duo tracks, one with Dave Holland and one with Chick Corea. The album was re-released twice in the mid 1970s (with different cover art in each instance) as Super Session and  Song of the Wind.

Track listing
Side one
"Follow Your Heart" (McLaughlin) – 6:50
"Collage for Polly" (Farrell) – 2:28
"Circle in the Square" (Farrell) – 7:11

Side two
"Molten Glass" (Farrell) – 5:15
"Alter Ego" (Farrell) – 1:23 (duet with Dave Holland)
"Song of the Wind" (Corea) – 5:57 (duet with Chick Corea)
"Motion" (Corea) – 5:13

Personnel
Joe Farrell – tenor saxophone, flute, oboe
Chick Corea – piano
Dave Holland – double bass
Jack DeJohnette – drums
John McLaughlin – guitar ("Follow Your Heart" and "Motion" only)

Recording credits
Engineer – Rudy Van Gelder
Cover photograph – Pete Turner
Liner photographs – Robert Brosan
Album design – Sam Antupit


Water Serpents II, also referred to as Wasserschlangen II, is an oil painting made by Gustav Klimt in 1907. It is the follow-up painting to the earlier painting Water Serpents I. Like the first painting, Water Serpents II deals with the sensuality of women's bodies and same-sex relationships. The painting has a rich history. During World War II, it was stolen by the Nazis, and more recently, it has been the center of a controversy surrounding its record 2013 sale. As of December 2019, it is the 6th most expensive painting in the world and the most expensive work by Klimt to sell.

Origins
The painting is an oil on canvas. It was started by Klimt in 1904 and finished in either 1906 or 1907. It was originally commissioned for and owned by Jenny Steiner, the daughter of a Viennese industrialist. The painting was the last in a series of works, which include Moving Water (1898), Medicine (1901), Goldfish (1902), and Water Serpents I (1904), that all had water nymphs as the subjects of the painting.

Subject and meaning
The painting features a group of four water nymphs, portrayed in lustful bliss. Two are seen in the foreground in full nudity; the other two can be found in the top right corner of the piece, and only their heads are visible. The painting can be seen as a non-controversial portrayal of mythical figures, which had been common in art for centuries. But it has also been interpreted as a depiction of a lesbian orgy. According to this interpretation, since same-sex relationships were not acceptable at the time, Klimt disguised the women as mythical figures. This is supported by the fact that the main character’s pubic hair is showing, and she is glaring sensually at the viewer. This glare is reminiscent of the way the subject glares at the viewer in the painting Olympia by Manet. This painting, and its lesbian subjects, is seen as a precursor to later Klimt paintings such as Women Friends (1917), which displayed lesbian relationships more openly.

History
World War II
The painting's owner, Jenny Steiner, was Jewish, and she was forced to flee Vienna to Portugal in 1938 under threat from the Nazis. Following Steiner's escape, the painting, like many others owned by Jews, was confiscated by the Nazis. It was given to a Nazi filmmaker named Gustav Ucicky. Ucicky is actually rumored to be one of Klimt's many illegitimate children.

Post war
Following the end of the war, Ucicky retained possession of the painting, and it hung on a wall in his apartment in Vienna. In 1961, Ucicky died, and he left the painting to his wife, Ursula. This whole time, the painting was considered lost.

21st-Century
In 2012, Ursula Ucicky put the painting up for sale with Sotheby’s Auction House acting as the broker. Because the painting was still considered stolen art, Ursula had to come to an agreement with the heirs of Jenny Steiner, the rightful owner of the painting, in order to obtain an export license for the painting. The agreement, which was mediated by the Israelitische Kultusgemeinde Wien, or Vienesse Jewish Community, stipulated that the proceeds would be split 50/50 between Ursula and the heirs. That same year, the painting was sold to art broker Yves Bouvier for $112 million, which meant each party received around $56 million. The heirs of Jenny Steiner used their portion of the proceeds to found the New Klimt Foundation.

The Bouvier Affair
In 2013 Yves Bouvier sold the painting to the Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev, one of the largest private art collectors in the world. As he did to many other wealthy collectors, Bouvier tricked Rybololev. Bouvier didn't tell Rybolovlev that he was actually the owner of the painting and had paid $112 million for it. Instead, Bouvier made it seem like the painting was still owned by a third party and convinced Rybolovlev that the painting was worth much more than $112 million. In the end, Rybolovlev paid $183.3 million for the painting, plus an additional $3.7 million administrative fee. This means that Bouvier made a profit of $75 million by tricking Rybolovlev. Eventually, the deceit was uncovered. Rybolovlev, along with Bouvier's many other victims, has brought charges and lawsuits against Bouvier. As of 2019, the litigation was still ongoing.

Present day
In 2015, the painting was once again sold by Rybolovlev. This time, it was sold for $170 million to an undisclosed buyer. The painting is rumored to be in the private collection of an unnamed Qatari Princess, and is not available for viewing to the public.

References
Florman, Lisa (June 1990). "Gustav Klimt and the precedent of Ancient Greece". Art Bulletin. 72: 310–326. doi:10.2307/3045736. JSTOR 3045736.
Gerlis, Melanie (January 11, 2018). "The tangled history of Klimt's '$170m' Water Serpents". Financial Times.
O'Connor, Anne-Marie (December 6, 2017). "New Answers Coming to Light for Hidden-Away Klimt Paintings".
"Serpents". Gustav Klimt.
Marlowe-Storkovich, Tina (2003-01-01). ""Medicine" by Gustav Klimt". Artibus et Historiae. IRSA s.c. 24 (47): 231–252. doi:10.2307/1483769. JSTOR 1483769.Razia Sajjad Zaheer (15 October 1918, Ajmer – 18 December 1979, Delhi) was an Indian writer in the Urdu language, a translator, and a prominent member of the Progressive Writers Association. She won the Uttar Pradesh Sahitya Akademi Award as well as the Soviet Land Nehru Award.

Early life
Razia Dilshad was born in Ajmer, Rajasthan on 15 October 1918 in an academic family. Her father was the principal of Ajmer Islamia College. She received an undergraduate degree in Ajmer.She married Sajjad Zaheer, a poet and communist activist, when she was 20. He was one of the founders of the Progressive Writers Association (PWA), and was not interested in pursuing a career in law that he had trained for. Shortly after their marriage, he was arrested by the British for his revolutionary activities and imprisoned for two years.Razia obtained a postgraduate degree from Allahabad University. In the 1940s, Razia and her husband were in Bombay, where they were active in the cultural sphere, organising weekly PWA soirees. She acknowledged the influence of the PWA in radicalising her politics, and was among the activist women who were beginning to question "Gandhian ideologies of women's nature and place."By 1948, Razia had four daughters, and her husband was in Pakistan at the behest of the Communist Party of India, which had supported the Partition of India. She moved to Lucknow with her daughters.

Career
Razia had been contributing short stories to journals like Phool, Tehzib-e-Nisvaan and Ismat since her childhood. In Lucknow, Razia began to teach, write and translate in order to earn a living. She translated about 40 books into Urdu. Her translation of Bertold Brecht's Life of Galileo to Urdu was called powerful. She translated Siyaram Sharan Gupta's Nari (published as Aurat (Woman) by Sahitya Akademi), and Mulk Raj Anand's Seven Years (Saat Saal, 1962).In 1953, her novella Sar-e-Sham was published, Kante (Thorns, a novel) was released in 1954, while Suman (another novel) came out in 1964. She edited and published her husband's letters to her from prison, Nuqush-e-Zindan (1954). She worked on a novel on the poet Majaz Lucknowi, which remained unfinished. Along with her literary endeavours, she also edited and copied her husband's writings. Her short stories have been characterised as having a socialistic purpose. For example, in Neech (Lowborn) she explored class differences between a privileged woman and a fruit-seller, and the prejudices the former has to set aside to obtain strength from the latter. Moreover, given the revolutionary ideology of the PWA, her works - as those of her colleagues in the group - explored gender relations and women's oppression by men and other women, the development of a modernist identity among women, as well as the more deleterious effects of poverty and ostracism on marginalised women.Zard Gulab (The Yellow Rose, 1981) and Allah De Banda Le (God gives, Man takes, 1984) were two of her short story collections published posthumously.

Later life
Razia's husband was in prison in Pakistan until 1956, whereupon he returned to India and joined his family in Lucknow. In 1964, they moved to Delhi. Sajjad died in USSR in 1973.Razia Sajjad Zaheer died in Delhi on 18 December 1979.

Bibliography
The literary work of Razia Sajjad Zaheer include:
Sar-e-Sham (1953)
Kaante (1954)
Suman (1963)
Allah Megh De. 1973. ISBN 978-81-7587-511-1.
Zard Gulaab (1981)
Allah De Banda Le (1984)
Nehru ka Bhateeja (1954)
Sultan Zainul Abidin Budshah

Awards and honours
Soviet Land Nehru Award (1966).
Uttar Pradesh Sahitya Akademi Award (1972).

References
Bibliography
Gopal, Priyamvada (2005). Literary Radicalism in India: Gender, Nation and the Transition to Independence. Psychology Press. ISBN 978-0-415-32904-0.
Gopal, Priyamvada (2009). The Indian English Novel: Nation, History, and Narration. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-954437-0.
Husain, S. Ehtesham (1963). "Urdu Literature—1962". Indian Literature. 6 (2). JSTOR 23329422.
Husain, S. Ehtesham (1972). "Urdu Literature—1971". Indian Literature. 15 (4): 142–149. JSTOR 24157192.
Machwe, Prabhakar (1977). "Prominent Women Writers In Indian Literature After Independence". Journal of South Asian Literature. 12 (3/4): 145–149. JSTOR 40872164.
Mahmood, Nazir (5 January 2020a). "Raziya, Shaukat, and the PWA - Part I". The News International.
Mahmood, Nazir (6 January 2020b). "Raziya, Shaukat, and the PWA - Part II". The News International.
Naeem, Raza (18 December 2019). "Razia Sajjad Zaheer: The forgotten virtuoso of Urdu literature". The Express Tribune.
Rao, D. S. (2004). Five Decades: The National Academy of Letters, India: A Short History of Sahitya Akademi. Sahitya Akademi. ISBN 978-81-260-2060-7.
"Razia Sajjad Zaheer". Who's Who of Indian Writers. Delhi: Sahitya Akademi. 1961.
Salman, Peerzada (29 November 2018). "All about mother". Dawn.
Singh, V. P. (2006). "Emerging From the Veil: A Study of Selected Muslim Women's Feminist Writing From the Indian Subcontinent".  In Prasad, Amar Nath; Joseph, S. John Peter (eds.). Indian Writing In English: Critical Ruminations Part 2. Sarup & Sons. ISBN 978-81-7625-725-1.
Tharu, Susie J.; Lalita, K., eds. (1993). Women Writing in India: The twentieth century. Feminist Press at CUNY. ISBN 978-1-55861-029-3.John Henry Loes (18 June 1910 – 28 July 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Notes
External links
Jack Loes's playing statistics from AFL Tables
Jack Loes at AustralianFootball.comFletcher is a masculine given name, which may refer to:

People
Fletcher Benton (1931–2019), American sculptor, painter and kinetic artist
Fletcher Bowron (1887–1968), long-serving Mayor of Los Angeles, California
Fletcher Christian (1764–1793), mutineer who seized command of HMS Bounty
Fletcher Cox (born 1990), American National Football League player
Fletcher Dragge (born 1966), lead guitar player in the band Pennywise
Fletcher Hale (1883–1931), U.S. Representative from New Hampshire and lawyer
Fletcher Hanks (1887–1976), a cartoonist from the Golden Age of Comic Books, creator of Stardust the Super Wizard
Fletcher Harper (1806–1877), American publisher, founder of Harper's Weekly, Harper's Magazine and Harper's Bazaar
Fletcher L. Hartsell, Jr. (born 1947), American politician
Fletcher Henderson (1897–1952), American pianist, bandleader, arranger and composer of big band jazz and swing music
Fletcher Humphrys (born 1976), Australian actor
Fletcher Jones (1895–1977), Australian clothing manufacturer and retailer
Fletcher R. Jones (1931–1972), American businessman, computer pioneer and thoroughbred racehorse owner
Fletcher Knebel (1911–1993), American writer of political fiction
Fletcher Magee (born 1996), American basketball player
Fletcher Markle (1921–1991), Canadian actor, screenwriter, television producer and director
Fletcher Martin (1904–1979), American painter
Fletcher Pratt (1897–1956), American writer of science fiction, fantasy and history
Fletcher D. Proctor (1860–1911), American businessman, politician and Governor of Vermont
L. Fletcher Prouty (1917-2001), Chief of Special Operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President John F. Kennedy, U.S. Air Force colonel and foreign policy critic
Fletcher Sibthorp (born 1967), British painter
Fletcher Smith (rugby union) (born 1995), New Zealand rugby union player
Fletcher Smith (American football) (born 1943), American football safety
Fletcher Steele (1885–1971), American landscape architect
Fletcher Stockdale (c. 1823–1890), American politician, Governor of Texas, lawyer and railroad official
Fletcher B. Swank (1875–1950), American politician and a U.S. Representative from Oklahoma
Fletcher Thompson (born 1925), American lawyer and politician
Fletcher Webster (1818–1862), American government official and Union Army colonel, son of Daniel Webster

Fictional characters
Fletcher Reade, on the American soap opera Guiding Light played by Jay Hammer
Fletcher Reede, the main character of the film Liar Liar played by Jim Carrey
Fletcher Renn, a supporting character of the book series Skulduggery Pleasant by Derek Landy
Fletcher Tringham, in the anime series Fullmetal AlchemistSumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (住友ゴム工業株式会社, Sumitomo Gomu Kōgyo Kabushiki-gaisha) is a global tire and rubber company based in Japan.  It is part of the Sumitomo Group. The company makes a wide range of rubber based products, including automobile tires, golf balls and tennis balls. Sumitomo brands include Dunlop Tyres (in certain regions of Asia, Africa, and Latin America), Falken Tire and Ohtsu Tire.

History
The company traces its origins to 1909, when the Sumitomo Group made an investment in Dunlop Japan, the newly formed Japanese subsidiary of the British company Dunlop Rubber.  Over the years Sumitomo and Dunlop developed a close business relationship, and in 1963 the Sumitomo Group acquired control of Dunlop Japan and renamed it Sumitomo Rubber Industries Ltd.
In 1985, when Dunlop Rubber was taken over by BTR plc, the company acquired the automobile tire assets of Dunlop, including the right to use the Dunlop brand on automobile tires.  The acquisition did not include the US and Australian businesses, which were separately owned, but in 1986 Sumitomo also acquired the Dunlop Tire Corporation of the US from its management.In 1997, Sumitomo formed a joint venture with Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, by which Goodyear and Sumitomo agreed to manufacture tires for each other's markets, including Dunlop branded tires.  As part of the agreement, Goodyear acquired 75% interests in Dunlop Tyres, the UK company which Sumitomo had formed, and in Dunlop Tire Corporation.  Goodyear and Sumitomo also made investments in each other.On 14 February 2014, Goodyear announced its intention to dissolve its partnership with Sumitomo due to alleged  "anticompetitive conduct". On June 4, 2015, Goodyear announced the end of its joint venture with SRI, effective end of year 2015. The brand Dunlop will be shared between the 2 companies:
in North America, Goodyear will control the Dunlop brand for replacement tires and for new cars made by non-Japanese auto makers. Sumitomo Rubber will hold rights to the Dunlop brand for new cars made by Japanese auto makers, as well as for motorcycles
in most parts of Europe, Goodyear will control the Dunlop brand
in Japan, Sumitomo Rubber will retain rights to the Dunlop brandIn December 2013 Sumitomo Rubber Industries acquired Apollo Tyres South Africa (Pty) Ltd from Apollo Tyres, which owned the Dunlop tyre brand in South Africa, as part of its strategic global development plans. It subsequently renamed the company Sumitomo Rubber South Africa (Pty) Ltd.
Sumitomo Rubber South Africa manufactures the Dunlop, Sumitomo and Falken passenger car tyre brands in Ladysmith, KwaZulu-Natal.
The Ladysmith plant began to produce Dunlop truck and bus radial tyres in July 2018, following the second of two large investments by Sumitomo Rubber Industries to upgrade and modernise the plant.
Dunlop truck and bus radial tyres produced in Ladysmith will be sold in the South African market and will also be exported to several African states from 2019.

Falken Tire
The Falken Tire brand was launched by Sumitomo in Japan in 1983, and was introduced in North America two years later.
In January 2016, after the dissolution of the partnership with Goodyear, the Sumitomo Rubber USA factory in Tonawanda, New York began to produce Falken Tire-branded tires.

SRI Sports Limited
SRI Sports Limited is the subsidiary of Sumitomo that specializes in sports equipment, with the main focus being tennis and golf. SRI Sports owns Srixon, XXIO, Cleveland Golf, its subsidiary, Never Compromise, as well as rights to the Dunlop name in most parts of the world.
Srixon produces tennis balls, golf balls, golf clubs, and a full range of golfing accessories. It holds several professional golfers under endorsement deals including Hideki Matsuyama, Graeme McDowell, Keegan Bradley and Brooks Koepka.
Cleveland Golf also makes a full range of golf equipment, and has endorsement deals with Vijay Singh and Boo Weekley among others.
Following the acquisition of Cleveland Golf, SRI Sports announced their intention to consolidate its operations, with Cleveland overseeing marketing and distribution across North America, with Srixon doing the same in Europe and Australia, and Dunlop taking over in Asia.In 2018 Dunlop entered into a partnership with Tennis Australia and became the official ball of the Australian Open, in a multi-year deal.

Acquisition of Dunlop brands from Sports Direct
In 2016, Sumitomo Rubber filed for regulatory approval before the Philippine Competition Commission in connection with its planned acquisition of Dunlop-related wholesale, manufacturing, and licensing business from Sports Direct.The company intended to acquire the entire issued share capital of Dunlop Brands Limited, Dunlop Slazenger 1902 Limited, and Dunlop Australia Limited, and the Dunlop-related business of Dunlop Sports Group Americas, Inc. which are subsidiaries of Sports Direct.
Sumitomo Rubber manufactures and sells tires under the Dunlop brand name in many countries including Japan, as well as sports goods in Japan, Taiwan, and South Korea.
The Philippine Competition Commission has approved the regulatory filing for the said acquisition in the same year. The acquisition allowed Sumitomo Rubber to consolidate the Dunlop brand across various products including sports goods worldwide.

References
International Directory of Company Histories (1992), St James Press ISBN 1558620613, Vol V, p. 252

External links
(in English) Sumitomo Rubber Group English site
(in Japanese) Sumitomo Rubber Group Japanese site
(in Japanese) Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd.Marx is a Germanised form of the Jewish family name Mordechai. It is also possibly derived from Marcus.

Notable people with the surname
Politics
Jenny Marx (1814–1881), a German socialist and the wife of Karl Marx
Karl Marx (1818–1883), 19th-century philosopher
Jenny Marx (1844–1883), activist and the eldest daughter of Karl Marx
Eleanor Marx (1855–1898), politically active daughter of Karl Marx
Laura Marx (1845–1911), daughter of Karl Marx and wife of Paul Lafargue
Heinrich Marx (1777–1838), German lawyer and father of Karl Marx
Henriette Marx (née Pressburg) (1788–1863), mother of Karl Marx
Wilhelm Marx (1863–1946), German politician and Chancellor
Marx Dormoy (1888–1941), French socialist
Charles Marx (1903–1946), Luxembourgian doctor, political militant and minister
Arndt-Heinz Marx, German neo-Nazi

Television and film
Marx Brothers, a team of American sibling comedians that appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, film and television
The brothers:
Chico Marx (1887–1961), also a musician
Harpo Marx (1888–1964), also a musician
Groucho Marx (1890–1977)
Gummo Marx (1892–1977)
Zeppo Marx (1901–1979)
Other family members:
Arthur Marx (1921–2011), son of Groucho Marx, writer
Barbara Marx (1927–2017), wife of Zeppo Marx who later became the final wife of Frank Sinatra
Brett Marx (born 1964), grandson of Milton "Gummo" Marx, great-nephew of Groucho, Harpo, Chico and Zeppo Marx, movie and television actor and producer
Gregg Marx (born 1955), grandson of Milton "Gummo" Marx, great-nephew of Groucho, Harpo, Chico and Zeppo Marx, actor known mainly for his work on daytime soap operas
Melinda Marx (born 1946), daughter of Groucho Marx, writer
Minnie Marx (1864/5–1929), mother and manager for the Marx Brothers, sister of Al Shean
Miriam Marx (1927–2017), daughter of Groucho Marx, writer
Sam Marx (1859–1933), father of the Marx Brothers
Carey Marx, British comedian
Christy Marx, TV series writer
Frederick Marx, film producer, editor, writer and director
Samuel Marx, MGM story editor, film producer, and author

Music
Adolf Bernhard Marx (1799–1866), musicologue
Bill Marx (pianist), American pianist, arranger, and composer
Gary Marx (born 1959), rock musician
Jeff Marx (born 1970), American composer of musicals
Joseph Marx (1882–1964), Austrian composer
Karl Marx (composer) (1897–1985), German composer
Richard Marx (born 1963), American pop singer

Sports
Eric Marx (1895–1974), South African cricketer
Franz Marx (born 1963), Austrian wrestler
Greg Marx (1950–2018), American football player
Jack Marx (bridge) (1907–1991), British bridge player
Malcolm Marx (born 1994), South African rugby union player
Michael Marx (born 1958), American fencer
Robert Marx (fencer) (born 1956), American fencer
Thorben Marx (born 1981), German footballer
Travis Marx (born 1977), American mixed martial artist

In other fields
Adolph Marx (bishop) (1915–1965), American Roman Catholic bishop
Anthony Marx (born 1959), President and CEO of New York Public Library
Bill Marx (born 1937), American theater and arts critic
Carl Marx (artist) (1911–1991) German artist and Bauhaus student
Ellen Marx (born 1939), German artist and author
Enid Marx (1902–1998), English painter and designer
Erwin Otto Marx (1893–1980), German engineer and inventor
Friedrich Marx (1859–1941), German classical philologist
Friedrich Marx (author) (1830–1905), Austrian poet and officer
George Marx (1838–1895), German-born American arachnologist, scientific illustrator, and physician
György Marx (1927–2002), Hungarian physicist, astrophysicist, science historian, and professor
Hellmuth Marx (1915–2002), Austrian sculptor
Herbert Marx (politician) (born 1932), Canadian lawyer, university law professor, politician, and judge
Jack Marx (20th and 21st centuries), Australian journalist and author
Karl Marx (medical missionary), German doctor
Karl Friedrich Heinrich Marx, German physician and lecturer
Leo Marx (born 1919), professor at MIT
Louis Marx (1896–1982), American toy maker and businessman
Mona Magdeleine Marx; known more commonly by married name Mona Beaumont, French-born American painter, printmaker
Paul Marx (monk) (1920–2010), American Roman Catholic priest, sociologist, pro-life activist, and writer
Paul John Marx (1935–2018), French Roman Catholic bishop
Philipp Marx (born 1982), retired German tennis player
Reinhard Marx (born 1953), Cardinal, Archbishop of Munich and Freising
Robert F. Marx (1936–2019), American underwater archaeologist
Roberto Burle Marx (1909–1994), Brazilian landscape designer
Thierry Marx (born 1962), French chef

Other media
Bernard Marx, one of the main characters in the novel Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
Carlo Marx, character in the novel On the Road by Jack Kerouac
Skidd McMarxx, minor character in the game Ratchet and Clank, whose name is primarily a play on words (he plays a sport similar to Slalom snowboarding)

See also
Marcks (disambiguation)
Marks (disambiguation)
Marx (disambiguation)


The Hotel Seville is a historic hotel building at Vine and Ridge Streets in downtown Harrison, Arkansas.  It is an L-shaped three story wood-frame structure, finished in brick and terra cotta veneer with distinctive Spanish Revival (Mission) styling.  Its eastern entry porch is supported by polychrome terra cotta pillars, and portions of the exterior are finished in terra cotta tile with inset geometric patterns.  Built in 1929, the building is one of the most elaborate examples of Spanish Revival architecture in the state.  It was used as a hotel until the mid-1970s, when it was converted to elderly housing. It has since been converted back to a hotel.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boone County, Arkansas


The 9 Broadway–Seventh Avenue Local was a rapid transit service in the A Division of the New York City Subway. Its route emblem, or "bullet", was colored red, since it used the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT)'s Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line for its entire route.
The 9 operated during rush hour periods from 1989 to 2005, as a variant of the 1, providing service between  Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street in Riverdale, Bronx, and South Ferry in Lower Manhattan. The 1 ran in a skip-stop service pattern during rush hours, with the 9 providing the complementary skip-stop service on the same route. The 9 was temporarily suspended between 2001 and 2002 due to severe damage to the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line caused by the September 11 attacks, and was permanently discontinued in 2005 as a result of a decrease in the number of riders benefiting.
The 9 designation was also used for a shuttle train on the IRT Dyre Avenue Line between 1941 and 1967.

History
Dyre Avenue Line (1941–67)
The 9 designation was originally used for the Interborough Rapid Transit Company's (IRT) Dyre Avenue Line. It served the former New York, Westchester and Boston Railway between Dyre Avenue and East 180th Street, connecting to the IRT White Plains Road Line at the latter station. When a connection between the Dyre Avenue Line and the White Plains Road Line opened in 1957, daytime shuttle service was replaced with through service as the 2. From 1957 until 1967, the nighttime Dyre Avenue Shuttle continued to use the number 9. The shuttle was relabeled SS in 1967, and then renamed as part of the 5, the same as the through service on the line through East 180th Street to Dyre Avenue.: 62

Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line (1989–2005)
In April 1988, the New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) unveiled plans to speed up service on the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line through the implementation of skip-stop service. As soon as the plan was announced, some local officials were opposed to the change. Initially, skip-stop service would have been operated north of 116th Street, with 1 trains skipping 125th Street, 157th Street, 207th Street, and 225th Street, and 9 trains skipping 145th Street, 181st Street, Dyckman Street, 215th Street and 238th Street. As part of the study that resulted in the skip-stop plan, the NYCTA examined the feasibility of using the center track for express service. However, the center track along the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line exists in two segments, which would result in an inefficient express service, and so skip-stop service was chosen instead. Most passengers would not have to wait longer for a train because, previously, a third of 1 trains had terminated at 137th Street. The previous headway for stations north of there was 10 minutes. At skip-stop stations, the maximum wait was to be 10 minutes, and would be 5 minutes at all-stop stations. Skip-stop trains would not speed through stations, instead passing through skipped stops at 15 mph (24 km/h), the maximum allowed per NYCTA rules.On July 1988, it was announced that 1/9 skip-stop service would begin on August 29, 1988. Skip-stop service was expected to speed up travel times for almost half of riders north of 96th Street. In August 1988, the NYCTA postponed plans for 1/9 skip-stop service due to public opposition. NYCTA officials recognized that they did not do a good job informing the community, and indicated that they planned to continue to look into it. Plans to implement skip-stop service on the IRT Pelham Line (6 train), which were contingent on the success of 1/9 skip-stop were indefinitely postponed. In September 1988, the MTA Board formally voted to defer implementation of 1/9 skip-stop service for these reasons. NYCTA planned to initiate outreach in January 1989 and implement the change at some point later that year. In October 1988, the NYCTA informed local communities that it planned to implement skip-stop the following spring; residents of Inwood and Washington Heights were particularly opposed to the change.In March 1989, the NYCTA stated that there wasn't a set date for the implementation of the plan, with service possibly starting as late as the fall. To convince local communities, it set up meetings with residents and distributed leaflets advertising the change. In an attempt to win their favor, they changed the name of the service from "skip-stop" to "express" service.A public hearing on the NYCTA's plan for skip-stop service was held on June 27, 1989. The goals of skip-stop service were to extend all trips to 242nd Street, to provide faster travel times for a majority of riders, and to improve service reliability through evenly loaded and spaced trains. During 1987 and 1988 analysis was conducted to determine various options for express service along the 1, including using the center express track. As part of the plan, express service was to operate weekdays between 6:30 a.m. and 7 p.m. Trips that ended at 137th Street were extended to 242nd Street, which eliminated the need for a significant reduction in service levels at local stops. The 125th Street station, which is located south of 137th Street, would have experienced a reduction in service. The location of all-stop stations and skip-stop stations was done to evenly distribute passengers between the 1 and the 9, and to accommodate reverse commuting patterns. Stops with ridership greater than 8,000 daily passengers were designated all-stop stations, while less patronized stops were served by either 1 or 9 trains. One change was made from the 1988 plan–due to community input 181st Street was added as an all-stop station. Express service was expected to save up to 2+1⁄2 minutes of travel time, with an additional 2+1⁄2-minute reduction in waiting time at all-stop stations. This would save a minimum of six minutes, and a maximum of nine minutes or a 19% travel time reduction. Running express service via the center track was dismissed since it was not designed for express service. The track south of 145th Street is not long enough to allow an express train to pass a local, resulting in merging delays at 103rd Street which would eliminate any time saved. In addition, the busiest stops on the line north of 96th Street would be bypassed without any time savings. Extending all-local service to 242nd Street or adding additional trains were dismissed since they would require additional subway cars, which were not available at the time.On July 28, 1989, the MTA Board approved a revised 1/9 skip-stop plan unanimously, with the plan scheduled to take effect on August 21, 1989. Unlike the original plan, 1 trains would skip 145th Street, 191st Street, 207th Street and 225th Street, while 9 trains would skip 157th Street, Dyckman Street, 215th Street and 238th Street.Beginning at 6:30 a.m. on August 21, 1989, the services were coordinated as the 1/9 and both ran between Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street and South Ferry. The plan was to have skip-stop service begin north of 116th Street–Columbia University, but due to objections, most notably that riders did not want 125th Street to be a skip-stop station, skip-stop service was only implemented north of 137th Street–City College between the hours of 6:30 am and 7:00 pm weekdays.On September 4, 1994, midday skip-stop service was discontinued, and 191st Street was no longer a skip-stop station. By this time, skip-stop service assigned the following stations to the 1 train only:
238th Street
215th Street
Dyckman Street
157th Streetand the following stations to the 9 train only:
Marble Hill–225th Street
207th Street
145th StreetAfter the September 11, 2001 attacks, 1 trains had to be rerouted since the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line ran directly under the World Trade Center site and was heavily damaged in the collapse of the Twin Towers. The 1 ran only between Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street and 14th Street, running local north of 96th Street and express south of there. It later ran to New Lots Avenue via the IRT Eastern Parkway Line, running local on that line, as well as south of 96th Street, replacing the 3 train, which ran between Harlem–148th Street and 14th Street; the 9 service and skip-stop service were suspended at this time. 1 trains returned to South Ferry, and skip-stop service was restored on September 15, 2002.
On April 27, 2004, it was announced that New York City Transit was considering eliminating 9 and skip-stop service due to long wait times, and as a result of a decrease in the number of riders benefiting. The MTA estimated that eliminating skip-stop service only added 2+1⁄2 to 3 minutes of travel time for passengers at the northernmost stations at 242nd Street and 238th Street, while many passengers would see trains frequencies double, resulting in decreased overall travel time because of less time waiting for trains. It planned on making a decision in the summer, and approved the change on January 11, 2005. The 9 train was discontinued on May 27, 2005 and the 1 now makes all stops on the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line.

Final route
Service pattern
The 9 service used the following lines during the rush hours only.

Stations
Stations in green and stations in blue denote stops served by the 1 and former 9, respectively, during rush hours. At all other times, the 1 ran local and now runs local at all times.

Notes


The following is a list of FCC-licensed radio stations in the U.S. state of Washington, which can be sorted by their call signs, frequencies, cities of license, licensees, and programming formats.

List of radio stations
Defunct
References
External links
Radio-Locator: Seattle, WAAishite Imasu 1941 (from the Japanese 愛しています meaning I Love You; Filipino title Mahal Kita 1941, "Mahal Kita" also meaning I love You) is a drama, romance, and war movie released in the Philippines on December 25, 2004 and is a story of love, betrayal and honor in wartime set in the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines (1941–1945) during World War II. It stars Judy Ann Santos, Raymart Santiago, Jay Manalo and Dennis Trillo. It is directed by Joel Lamangan. It is an official entry to the 30th Metro Manila Film Festival.

Plot
The date is December 1941, and the simple folks of the quiet town of San Nicolas are unaware that war is nearing upon them. Inya (Judy Ann Santos) is a lovely young lady who had just married her childhood sweetheart Edilberto (Raymart Santiago) and they're excited about starting a new family. Ignacio "Igna" Basa (Dennis Trillo) is Inya's best friend, a transgender woman who has been in love with the handsome Edilberto for years. Ignacio falls for Ichiru Hamaguchi (Jay Manalo) a Japanese Army official who returns his affection, but becomes torn between fulfilling his duty to his country and his love for Ichiru.
The arrival of the Japanese throws the town into chaos, days after the Japanese air raid in Pearl Harbor in Hawaii on December 7 - which marked the start of the war. Meanwhile, on December 8, Japanese air bombings included Manila, Baguio, Davao, Iba and Clark fields to signal the Japanese invasion to the Philippines.
But Edilberto, Inya and Ignacio aren't the only ones the war will change forever. Traitorous Japanese interpreter and local collaborator Maura (Angelu de Leon), strong-willed Tiyang Mabel (Jacklyn Jose), tough guy Anton (TJ Trinidad), and pure-hearted Julia (Iya Villania) also get caught in the winds of the war, and find themselves doing things they never thought they'd do... all for the hope of living and dying another day.
Starting in December 1941, the guerrilla leader, Captain Ediberto Manalang (Raymart Santiago) was named Commander Berto, and was supported by other local guerrilla forces in the town of San Nicolas during the Fall of the Philippines. Meanwhile, battles between the Japanese and USAFFE troops ends in the Battle of Bataan in 1942 and the Bataan Death March begins on April 9 of that year. 76,000 surrendered Filipino and American troops became Prisoners of War under Japanese hands. The defeated troops were forced to march from Bataan to Tarlac. Anton joined the guerrilla movement. Ignacio became the movement's spy inside the Japanese forces, catching Maura's suspicion. Anytime Kapitan Berto attacks a Japanese patrol, the latter burns a village and executes suspected guerrilla members under direction from Maura. Inya is also suspected as a Japanese spy and tortured by the guerrillas.
She revealed Ignacio's secret to Hiroshi, who in turn told Ichiru. At first, he did not believe. Until he suffered a nightmare that he was holding his father's blood in front of the Americans. He tried to make love with Igna, but the latter refused. Ichiru revealed that he knew Ignacio is transgender and he never cared about it as long as he loves Igna.
A few years later, local guerrilla forces are led by Captain Inya Marasingan-Manalang, who replaced Commander Berto in 1943 after Edilberto died during a Japanese attack on their camp. The Japanese retaliated with brutality, hanging the mayor and others. Anton and Igna's transgender friend, Edna, were released at Igna's request. A guerrilla raid sealed Igna, Ichiru and Akihiro's fates. As Igna returned to the camp after he warned Inya of the raid, he was caught along with Ichiru by Maura and Hiroshi. Igna was beaten. Ichiru escaped along with Akihiro and Igna. They returned to Tiyang Mabel's house, where Akihiro and Ichiru committed seppuku. Igna again was arrested by Maura and Hiroshi. The former was tortured until unconscious. Kapitan Berto (Inya) raided the town hall, rescued the mayor and Igna and eliminated the Japanese garrison, at the cost of several resistance members, including Anton who was shot by Hiroshi, until the latter was also killed. As soon as Inya and Igna got outside, Maura and her backup arrived. As she shoots Inya, Igna uses his body as cover and took the fatal shot. Inya's men open fired on Maura's vehicle, killing her and the Japanese inside. Igna's last words said he was a traitor, so he deserved a traitor's death.
Many decades and many coercions later, Inya told the whole truth about what happened during the time. As the mayor and the historian discusses future plans, including a memorial for the victims, she left them.

Cast
Judy Ann Santos as Inya Marasingan Manalang/Commander Berto
Raymart Santiago as Edilberto Manalang
Jay Manalo as Ichiru Hamaguchi
Dennis Trillo as Ignacio Basa/ Igna
Marco Alcaraz as Akihiro Yorokobe
Angelu de Leon as Maura
Jacklyn Jose as Tiya Mabel
Yasmien Kurdi as Senyang
Anita Linda as Inya (old)
T.J. Trinidad as Anton
Iya Villania as Julia
Tony Mabesa as the Mayor
Domingo Landicho as Assistant of the Mayor
Jim Pebanco as Edna
Virginia Joshen
Neil Ryan Sese

Awards
Nominations
References
External links
Aishite Imasu 1941: Mahal Kita at IMDbThe Morrua mine is a large mine located in the northern part of Mozambique in Zambezia Province. Morrua represents one of the largest tantalum reserves in Mozambique having estimated reserves of 7.5 million tonnes of ore grading 0.07% tantalum.


The 2014 Lamar Cardinals football team represented Lamar University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Cardinals were led by fifth-year head coach Ray Woodard and played their home games at Provost Umphrey Stadium. They are a member of the Southland Conference.  The Cardinals finished the season 8–4, 5–3 in Southland play to finish in a three-way tie for third place. The eight win overall and five win conference record matched the Cardinals' best overall win record in both categories as a four year program.

TV and radio media
All Lamar games were broadcast on KLVI, also known as News Talk 560.
Live video of all home games (except those broadcast via the Southland Conference Television Network, SEC Network, or ESPN3) was streamed by Lamar University's Big Red Sports Network [1].

Before the season
2014 recruits
Lamar signed 17 players on national letter of intent day. Recruits are listed in the "Class of 2014 Signees" table below. Player profiles for each recruit are available at the signing day link below.  The 2014 recruits included 10 players from high school and 7 transfers.  Breaking down the transfers, two players transferred from NCAA Division I (FBS) programs. The remainder transferred from Junior College/Community College programs.
Signing Day Link:

Class of 2014 signees
4th Crawfish Bowl
The 4th Annual Red-White Crawfish Bowl was held Saturday, March 1. The game was modified from previous years.  While the team was divided into Red and White teams as in previous years, the game pitted offense against defense.  The White team consisted of offensive players while the Red team was made up of defensive players.  Scoring was adjusted to include normal scoring for the offense with the addition of additional points for scoring plays longer than 20 yards.  The defense scored on turnovers, three-and-outs, and stops.  The White team (offensive players) won 50–18 with the modified scoring.

Preseason Honors
Four Lamar Cardinals were selected to the pre-season all Southland Conference team.  Reggie Begelton, WR (JR) was selected to the First-Team Offense.  Kevin Johnson, PR (SR) was selected to the First-Team Defense.  Caleb Berry, QB (SR) and Justin Brock, OL (JR) were named to the Second-Team Offense.The following Cardinals were named to national award watch lists.

Caleb Berry - CFPA Quarterback Watch List
Kade Harrington - CFPA Running Back Watch List
Mark Roberts - CFPA Receiver Watch List
Reggie Begelton - CFPA Receiver Watch List
Alex Ball - CFPA Kicker Watch List
Kevin Johnson - CFPA Kickoff Return Watch List, CFPA Punt Return Watch List, and the CFPA All-Purpose Performer of the Year Watch List.Kevin Johnson was also named to the College Sports Madness Preseason All-American and the Beyond Sports Network Preseason All-American teams.

Postseason honors
AP All-American
Mark Roberts - AP All-American 3rd Team (FCS)
Mark Roberts - Sports Network All-American 3rd Team (FCS)

Southland Conference honors
Source: 
Mark Roberts - First team All Southland Conference
Caleb Berry - Second team All Southland Conference
Reggie Begelton - Second team All Southland Conference
Omar Tebo = Second team All Southland Conference
Xavier Bethany - Second team All Southland Conference

College Sports Madness honors
Source:  
Mark Roberts - First team All Southland Conference
Caleb Berry - Second team All Southland Conference
Reggie Begelton - Second team All Southland Conference
Ronnie Jones - Second team All Southland Conference
Bret Treadway - Third team All Southland Conference
Joe Okafor - Third team All Southland Conference
Omar Tebo - Third team All Southland Conference
Xavier Bethany - Third team All Southland Conference

Roster
Depth chart
Source:

Schedule
Sources

Game summaries
Grambling State
Caleb Berry set the all-time Lamar Cardinals passing touchdown record on his third touchdown pass of the game against the Grambling State Tigers.

# 9 (FBS) Texas A&M
The Cardinals and the 9th ranked Aggies played in front of a record setting crowd at Kyle Field.  The crowd of 104,728 set the record for the largest attendance in recently renovated Kyle Field and for a collegiate game in the state of Texas.  The game was delayed 2:05 hours because of lightning.

Texas College
Mississippi College
Sam Houston State
Abilene Christian
Southeastern Louisiana
The game was close going into the fourth (4th) quarter with Southeastern Louisiana holding a one touchdown lead.  The fourth quarter was a different story with the Lions running away scoring four touchdowns for 27 points to the Cardinals' one touchdown in the quarter.

Nicholls State
Caleb Berry broke three team marks becoming the Cardinals' all-time leader in completions, yards of total offense, and passing yards.  Lamar set a school record of 691 total yards in the game.

Houston Baptist
With his four touchdown pass catches in the game, Mark Roberts set a new school record of nineteen (19) career TD catches.  Roberts also tied a school record of 24 points scored in a game.

Central Arkansas
Incarnate Word
McNeese State


Dutschke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Everett Dutschke (born 1971/72), American 2nd suspect arrested in 2013 ricin-letters case
Rudi Dutschke (1940–1979), German sociologist and political activist"I Want You" is a 1994 song by British singer-songwriter Juliet Roberts, and is the second single from her first album, Natural Thing. Originally released as the flipside to her song "Again", it was then released as its own single, following the success of its predecessor, "Caught in the Middle" in 1994. It peaked at number-one on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, and also peaked at number 44 on the Billboard Hot 100. In Europe, it charted in the UK, where it peaked at number 28, but was more successful on the UK Dance Singles Chart, reaching number three.

Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "Roberts easily rises above the throng of big-voiced dance divas by working a delivery that includes more than merely belting high-pitch shrieks. She has an interesting middle range and a playful style of phrasing that is further embellished by immeasurable charisma. All these elements add up to a gleeful pop/disco anthem that is essential for club disciples, as well as those at pop radio who are brave enough to go for something fresh and exciting." Music writer James Masterton deemed it "a fairly standard piece of dance/soul" in his weekly UK chart commentary. Pan-European magazine Music & Media commented, ""Canned violins" make a striking intro to the "monster album edit" only, without doubt the most suitable remix of the fast soul song for daytime radio play."Andy Beevers from Music Week rated it four out of five. He said, "This very catchy song was released earlier this year as the flipside to the ballad Again. Now it gets the star billing it always deserved. The new remixes from K Klass and Junior Vasquez have taken it to the Club Chart and another crossover hit is on the cards." He also noted in the magazine's RM Dance Update, "Having sat back and reaped the belated rewards of her old recordings in 1993, Juliet Roberts eventually gets to release a brand new track. The good news is that it has been well worth waiting for. 'I Want You' features the usual big vocal performance that has bags of soul and does not fall short in the catchiness stakes." Another editor, James Hamilton deemed it a "soaringly wailed bouncy chanter".

Music video
A music video was produced to promote the song, directed by American filmmaker and comic artist Antoine Fuqua.

Track listing
12", UK (1994)"I Want You" (Our Tribe Mix)
"I Want You" (K-Klass Dominoe Dub)
"I Want You" (Monster Club Mix)CD single, UK (1994)"I Want You" (Monster Album Edit) — 4:06
"I Want You" (Our Tribe Edit) — 4:17
"I Want You" (K-Klass Klub Mix) — 7:06
"I Want You" (Monster Club Mix) — 8:53
"I Want You" (Our Tribe Mix) — 7:14
"I Want You" (K-Klass Dominoe Dub) — 5:50CD maxi, US (1994)"I Want You" (Single Edit) — 4:05
"I Want You" (Extended Mix) — 7:09
"Force of Nature" (Album Version) — 4:21
"I Want You" (Monster Club Mix) — 9:57
"I Want You" (Album Version) — 5:00

Charts


ISO 3166-2:SR is the entry for Suriname in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Suriname, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 10 districts.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is SR, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Suriname. The second part is two letters.

Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.

See also
Subdivisions of Suriname
FIPS region codes of Suriname

External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: SR
Districts of Suriname, Statoids.comThe Port Klang Komuter station is a train station in Port Klang, Selangor, Malaysia, operated by KTM Komuter. It is the western terminus, and name sake, of the Port Klang Line. 
The South Port cruise ship terminal, Port Klang Immigration Centre and the Pulau Ketam ferry terminal are located a walking distance from this station.
Many primary and secondary schools are located in the proximity, and because of that, this station can get packed during the mornings and evenings.

External links
Port Klang KTM Komuter StationTokiwa Station (常盤駅, Tokiwa-eki) is a train station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan owned and operated by the West Japan Railway Company.

Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line

Adjacent stations


Kalardiya, also "Dohgaon Kalardiya" is a village in Kamrup rural district of Western Assam. It is located at south bank of river Brahmaputra.

Culture
Language
Like rest of Kamrup region, Kamrupi dialects are spoken in Kalardia.

Festivals
Domahi, Amati, Durga Puja, Kali Puja (Shyama Puja), Diwali, Holi, Janmastami, Shivratri etc. are major festivals of the village.

Transport
The village is well connected to Chaygaon town and National Highway 17 by regular buses and other modes of transport.

See also
Bihdia
Nahira

References
External links
"Official District Website".Dimitrios Delifotis (Greek: Δημήτριος Δεληφώτης; born 20 February 1957 in Corfu, Ionia) is a retired track and field athlete from Greece, who mainly competed in the men's long jump. He represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.

References
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill;  et al. "Dimitrios Delifotis". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 18 April 2020.Frank James Dixon (March 9, 1920 – February 8, 2008) was an biomedical researcher, best known for his research into diseases of the immune system that can damage other organs of the body. Dixon was also noted for having developed techniques involving trace iodines to study proteins.Born in St. Paul, Dixon received his bachelor's degree and M.D. from the University of Minnesota.  He joined the United States Navy in 1943, after completing his M.D.  Dixon was a co-founder and director of the Scripps Research Institute in San Diego.In 1981, Dixon became a founding member of the World Cultural Council.

Awards
Gairdner Foundation International Award, 1969
Lasker Award, 1975
Dickson Prize in Medicine, 1976
Rous-Whipple Award, 1979
Member, United States National Academy of Sciences

References
Further reading
"Frank J. Dixon, La Jolla pioneer, dies Feb. 8", La Jolla Light, Feb. 13, 2008.

External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical MemoirSylvester Phelps Hodgdon (1830–1906) was an American painter.
Hodgdon lived in the Savin Hill section of Dorchester (part of Boston) and studied in the Boston area. He began as a portrait painter but by 1864 he was painting and exhibiting landscapes at The National Academy of Design.
Hodgdon's work was also exhibited at the Boston Athenaeum and the Boston Art Club. He traveled throughout New England painting coastal scenes and landscapes.
The Maine coast and the White Mountains of New Hampshire were two of his favorite subjects. Within the White Mountains, he preferred to paint in the region of Franconia Notch.

External links
White Mountain paintings by Sylvester Phelps HodgdonThe Kensington Football Club was one of the first Australian rules football clubs founded in South Australia and played an integral part in the game's development in the state. The early rules used in South Australia were referred to as the "Kensington Rules". Club uniform was a scarlet cap and jacket and white trousers.  
The club was one of the founding teams of the South Australian Football Association (later renamed the SANFL) in 1877. 
For the 1881 SAFA season it merged with Old Adelaide Football Club. The first meeting of the merged club was held on Monday 11 April 1881 at the Prince Alfred Hotel. It was decided that the colour of the club be blaok and scarlet guernsey, hose, and cap, and navy blue knickerbockers.  
The Club resigned from the Association on 1 June 1881 after only 4 games in the 1881 SAFA season.
Kensington Club continued to play football matches from the 1882 Season (but not in the SAFA) and also held Athletic Sports Days.  A friendly reunion match of the old Kensington and new Kensington members was held on Saturday 29 September 1883. The Old Kensington winning 8 goals to 2.

References
External links
AustralianFootball.com profileDagonbhuiyan (Bengali: দাগনভূইয়া) is an upazila of Feni District in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.

Geography
Dagonbhuiyan is located at 22.9375°N 91.3042°E﻿ / 22.9375; 91.3042. It has 34750 households and a total area of 165.84 km2.

Demographics
According to the 1991 Bangladesh census, Dagonbhuiyan then had a population of 204, 975. Males constituted 49.4% of the population, and females 50.6%. The population aged 18 or over was 95, 809. Dagonbhuiyan had an average literacy rate of 70% (7+ years), against the national average of 32.4%.

Administration
Daganbhuiyan Upazila is divided into Daganbhuiyan Municipality and eight union parishads: Daganbhuiyan, Jayloskor, Matubhuiyan, Purba Chandrapur, Rajapur, Ramnagar, Sindurpur, and Yeakubpur. The union parishads are subdivided into 101 mauzas and 119 villages.Daganbhuiyan Municipality is subdivided into 9 wards and 20 mahallas.

Public Representative
Parliamentary SeatsUpazila Parishad and administration

Notable Person
Abdus Salam -Martyr of the Bengali language movement
Zahur Hossain Chowdhury - Journalists and Politicians
Abdul Awal Mintoo -Industrialist

See also
Upazilas of Bangladesh
Districts of Bangladesh
Divisions of Bangladesh


Pallath Joseph Kurien (born 31 March 1941) is an Indian politician, a social worker and educationist. He was the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India, till his retirement on 30 June 2018. A leader of the Indian National Congress party, Kurien previously served as a Union Minister in the P. V. Narasimha Rao government and was a member of the Lok Sabha for six consecutive terms from 1980 to 1999.
He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2005.

Early life
P. J. Kurien was born on 31 March 1941 to P. G. Joseph and Rachel Joseph at Vennikulam in Tiruvalla, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala. He had his early education at St. Behanas High School, Vennikulam. For higher education, he attended St. Thomas College, Kozhencherry, Kerala and at Government Science College, Rewa, Madhya Pradesh. He was a professor of Physics at St. Thomas College, Kozhencherry, when he entered politics.

Positions held
1980-84 Member, Seventh Lok Sabha.
1984-89 Member, Eighth Lok Sabha.
1987-89 Member, Executive, Congress Parliamentary Party [C.P.P.(I)],Member, House Committee, Member, Committee on Public Undertakings.
1989-91 Member, Ninth Lok Sabha, Chief Whip, Congress Parliamentary Party, Member of the Business Advisory Committee.
1991-96 Member, Tenth Lok Sabha.
1991-93 Union Minister of State, Industry with additional charge of Commerce.
1992-93 Union Minister of State, Industry,(Department of Small Scale, Agro and Rural Industries) with additional charge of Commerce.
1994-98 Chairman, Board of Governors, Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.
1995-96 Union Minister of State, Non-Conventional Energy Sources.
1996-98 Member, Eleventh Lok Sabha, Member of the Business Advisory Committee.
1998-99 Member, Twelfth Lok Sabha, Chief Whip, Congress Parliamentary Party, Member, Business Advisory Committee, Jan.
July 2005 Elected to Rajya Sabha
August 2012 Elected Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha

Controversy
Kurien was alleged to be an accused in the Suryanelli rape case, though his name was never included in the list of accused. There are four inquiries which exonerated Kurien, three inquiries were held under the Chief Ministership of E. K. Nayanar, who himself used the allegation against Kurien during 1996 elections, and was also a respondent in the defamation case filed by Kurien. During these three inquiries, Kurien was only an opposition MP; Congress Party being out of power both at the Centre and in Kerala.  Kurien has maintained his innocence and police investigations into the case have also deemed him innocent. There are speculations such as the alleged controversy against Kurien is politically motivated and his political power even led to the exoneration. Sessions Judge Abraham Mathew in his order held that the victim's plea for inclusion of Kurien in the sex scandal case was not maintainable

References
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/suryanelli-victims-plea-against-kurien-dismissed/article4863280.ece
http://zeenews.india.com/news/kerala/suryanelli-sex-scandal-breather-for-pj-kurien-as-convict-retracts-claim_851672.html

External links
Profile on Rajya Sabha website
[1]The Alyth Railway was a short branch railway line built in Strathmore in Scotland, connecting the town of Alyth to the main line network. It opened in 1861. Its junction was remote from any large population centre except Dundee, which was only reached by a primitive line with three rope worked inclines. This was modernised in 1868 and the Alyth branch, now with a good connection to Dundee, became busy. Nonetheless, the population of Alyth declined, and so did usage of the line, and it closed in 1951.

History
The Scottish Midland Junction Railway opened its main line between Perth and Forfar, forming part of a network of associated companies connecting central Scotland and Aberdeen. The line ran through Strathmore and adopted and upgraded two moribund railways, the Newtyle and Coupar Angus Railway and the Newtyle and Glammiss Railway. The SMJR was amalgamated with the Aberdeen Railway in 1856, together forming the Scottish North Eastern Railway (SNER).
Promoters in Alyth saw the advantages of a railway connection, and they obtained an Act of Parliament for a branch line to their town, on 14 June 1858; the Alyth Railway company was authorised, with capital of £33,000. to build a branch line to Alyth from Meigle, a junction on the SNER main line. The branch was just over 5 miles (8 km) long.
It opened on 2 September 1861 and was worked by the SNER.An Act of 23 June 1864 authorised the lease of the line in perpetuity to the Scottish North Eastern Railway, which had taken over the Scottish Midland Junction Railway. The lease charge was 45% of gross receipts. The SNER was itself taken over by the Caledonian Railway in 1866 and the lease transferred to the Caledonian.The population of Alyth had been 3,422 in 1861 but this declined to 2,837 by 1921 and did not recover. Use of the line declined accordingly, and it closed to passengers on 2 July 1951. Complete closure followed in January 1965.

Topography
The point of junction with the main line was named Alyth Junction; the Dundee and Newtyle Railway had been connected to the former SMJR main line by two ancillary railways, the Newtyle and Coupar Angus Railway and the Newtyle and Glammiss Railway. (Glammiss is spelt Glamis nowadays.) These two lines approaching from Dundee forked to run south-west and north-east respectively, and Alyth Junction was in the middle of the base of the triangle. As Dundee was a significant destination from Alyth, a connecting line from Newtyle was built by the Caledonian Railway, and it was made to cross over the main line to avoid conflict with main line trains. This opened on 3 August 1868.The typical passenger timetable gave nine return trips daily, eleven on Saturdays, with most trains proceeding to Dundee.The original Meigle station was located at the convergence of the Newtyle and Glammiss line with the main line, but the Newtyle spur line was lifted and the station was closed; a new Meigle Junction station was opened, sited at Alyth Junction.The Dundee and Newtyle line had been laid with stone block sleeper track to a unique gauge of 4 ft 6.5in (1,384 mm) and had three rope-worked inclines. The Caledonian Railway took over the line and modernised it, eliminating the inclines; this work was completed on 31 August 1868. By now the Caledonian had taken over the SNER as well, and commenced running through passenger trains from Dundee to Alyth, which "became a busy country terminus over the next few years".

Passenger stations
Alyth;
Porterochnie; opened June 1912; soon renamed Pitcrocknie; mainly for golfers: there is a golf course adjacent; closed 1 January 1917; reopened September 1919 as Pitcrocknie Platform; in 1938 shown as Pitcrocknie Halt, and then Pitcrocknie Siding from 28 October 1940; in 1922 and 1938 Bradshaw has most trains on the branch marked "Stops when required to set down Golfers or take up when there are passengers on the platform." The stop was removed from the public timetable following nationalisation in 1948 but it was not officially closed and still picked up passengers until the line closed;
Jordanstone;
Fullarton; renamed Meigle 1 November 1876;
Meigle (sometimes known as Meigle Junction); junction on SNER main line; renamed Alyth Junction on 1 November 1876.

Notes


Brynmawr (; Welsh: [brɨnˈmaur], from Welsh 'big hill',) is a market town, community and electoral ward in Blaenau Gwent, Wales. The town, sometimes cited as the highest town in Wales, is situated at 1,250 to 1,500 feet (380 to 460 m) above sea level at the head of the South Wales Valleys. It grew with the development of the coal mining and iron industries in the early 19th century. Until the reorganisation of local authorities in 1974, Brynmawr was administered as part of the county of Brecknockshire.

Welsh language
According to the 2011 Census, 6.0% of the ward's 5,530 (332 residents) resident-population can speak, read, and write Welsh. This is above the county's figure of 5.5% of 67,348 (3,705 residents) who can speak, read, and write Welsh. The town had the only Welsh-medium primary school, Ysgol Gymraeg Brynmawr, in Blaenau Gwent with 310 pupils ranging from nursery to year 6 until 2010, when the school re-located to a brand new, purpose-built building in Blaina.

History
Prior to the Industrial Revolution and the founding of Brynmawr, a settlement called Gwaun Helygen (meaning ‘marsh of the willows’) sat on a small area of moorland on the border between the counties of Monmouthshire and Brecknockshire. The village consisted of only a few scattered farm houses, a slew of small tram roads that led to the surrounding coal deposits, a staging inn, and a turnpike road from Abergavenny to Merthyr Tydfil which crossed through the bleak upland plateau.

With the development of Nantyglo ironworks under Crawshay Bailey in the early 19th century, suitable housing was needed for the workers, and thus the area of upland home to Gwaun Helygen was chosen as an ideal area for a settlement. Houses began to spring up around the tram roads and the turnpike road, and the town began to rapidly grow. Although the settlement was not home to any heavy industry, and was for the most part a dormitory town, several above-ground ore deposits outside of town were worked on, and a few underground levels were eventually dug beneath Brynmawr.However, by as early as the 1870s, many of the resources that were once considered abundant had been exhausted, and the local industry began to decline. As the town's residents practically solely relied on the surrounding industries, many of them left the town in search of employment, and Brynmawr witnessed a sharp drop in population.
The town's market hall, now the Market Hall Cinema was built in 1894, and replaced the older town hall built in 1844.
By the time of the Great Depression, most of the town's insured population were unemployed, which attracted the attention of a group of Quakers, whose worked in the town to relieve unemployment culminated in the Brynmawr Experiment.
In 1952, Jim Forrester of Enfield Cables Ltd opened a factory in the town, which was eventually acquired by the Dunlop Rubber Company. Operating under the brand name of Dunlop Semtex Ltd, the factory produced flooring for the health and education sectors up until its closure in 1981. It was demolished in 2001, and now only the boiler house remains, albeit in a derelict state.

Population
Brynmawr had an estimated population of 5,568 in 2020. In 2011, 10% of the population were unemployed.

Commerce and local economy
The town centre's primary shopping areas are contained within Beaufort Street and on Market Square which is also the focal point of the town where many events are hosted. The former Market Hall is now a cinema and theatre presenting films and productions from the local amateur operatic society. The business community offers many traditional, family-orientated and independently run shops, such as Tutta Bella, Durbans Shoe repairs, Perfectday Bridal, Pebbles and Welch Designs and many more.
The Tabor Centre, situated in Davies Street, is a multi-purpose community venue with rooms available for hire.
Brynmawr is also home to many artisan food producers, such as the award-winning Miss Daisy's Kitchen, specialist vegan and gluten-free food producers Daddies Little Pickle, and the Little Dragon Pizza Van, who organise the annual Brynmawr Street Food Festival.

Places of interest
Parc Nant y Waun is a nature reserve incorporating 22 hectares (54 acres) of grassland, mires and reservoirs which was officially opened in 2007. Home to many wildlife species, it includes a picnic area, an outdoor classroom, and an angling club.

Sport and leisure
Brynmawr RFC is the local rugby union club which is affiliated to the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Brynmawr has a 350-seat cinema (The Market Hall Cinema) which is the longest continually running cinema in Wales. The Market Hall opened in 1893 and has recently been renovated.
As of 1 April 2017 the Market Hall Cinema has been closed since November 2016 after Blaenau Gwent Council conducted a series of asbestos tests in the building.
The Market Hall was successfully reopened by Hollywood star Michael Sheen on 12 July 2017.
Notable people include professional wrestlers Adrian Street, "Flash" Morgan Webster, singer-songwriters Huw and Tony Williams and indie pop singer-songwriter Marina Diamandis, known professionally as MARINA. Wales and Great Britain Rugby League international Roy Francis, who scored 229 tries in 356 top-flight matches and went on to win three National League titles and the 1968 Challenge Cup as a coach of Hull FC and Leeds, was born in the town and played for Brynmawr RFC. T Rowley Jones, President Welsh Rugby Union, 1977/78.

See also
Brynmawr Rubber Factory
Brynmawr Furniture
Brynmawr Experiment
Brynmawr Foundation School

References
External links
Brynmawr Town Council website
Old photos of Brynmawr
Aerial photograph of Brynmawr
Photos of Brynmawr and surrounding area on geograph.org.uk
History of Brynmawr, Wales at thomasgenweb.com, with excerpts from Brynmawr: A Study of a Distressed Area, by Hilda JenningsThe Anglican Diocese of Oru is one of twelve within the Anglican Province of Owerri, itself one of fourteen provinces within the Church of Nigeria. The  current bishop is Geoffrey Chukwunenye.

History
In October 2020, Chukwunenye called on the Nigerian government to review a power concession agreement during an address at the 3rd session of the 4th synod of the diocese. At the same session, held in St. Thomas Church in Omuma, Hope Uzodinma asked for local citizens and residents to be patient over roads, saying that road work would begin once the rains stop, in addition to calling ecumenism "the panacea to societal unity and harmonious coexistence", warning against greed, and informing the Anglican bishops about Imo's state of affairs.In May 2021, Chukwunenye said that criticisms of southern governors' ban of open grazing and support of restructuring were selfish and primitive during an address at the 1st session of the 5th synod of the diocese. In the same month, he called for the government to revisit workers' salary and pensions.


== Notes ==Thomas Manners, 1st Earl of Rutland, 12th Baron de Ros of Helmsley, KG (c. 1497 – 20 September 1543), of Belvoir Castle, Rutland, was created Earl of Rutland by King Henry VIII in 1525.

Origins
Thomas was the son of Sir George Manners, 11th Baron de Ros (c. 1470 – 1513) by his wife Anne St Leger (1476–1526). His maternal grandparents were Sir Thomas St Leger (c. 1440–1483) and Anne of York (1439–1476), a daughter of Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York and Cecily Neville. She was thus an elder sister of Kings Edward IV (1461–1483) and of his brother and eventual successor, Richard III (1483–1485). Her other brothers were Edmund, Earl of Rutland and George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence. Her sisters included Elizabeth of York, Duchess of Suffolk and Margaret of York. Anne St Leger's first cousin, Elizabeth of York, married Henry Tudor and was the mother of Henry VIII, grandmother of Elizabeth I And a second cousin to Henry VIII.

Career
On 22 June 1513 Thomas landed at Calais on the French expedition. In 1513 he became Baron Ros, probably aged 16 or 17, on his father's death and was summoned in 1515 to Parliament. He was at the Field of the Cloth of Gold in 1520 and at King Henry VIII's meeting with Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor afterwards. In December 1521 he became cupbearer to the king. In January 1522 he was made steward of Pickering, Yorkshire, and from April to October of the same year he held the appointment of Lord Warden of the East Marches, in which he was succeeded by Henry Percy, 6th Earl of Northumberland. He received the wardenship of Sherwood Forest on 12 July 1524, an office which afterwards became practically hereditary in his family. He was appointed a Knight of the Garter on 24 April 1525 and on 18 June 1525 he was made Earl of Rutland, a title previously held by members of the house of York.He was a great favourite of King Henry VIII and received many grants, including the keepership of Enfield Chase on 12 July 1526, and Belvoir Castle, which remains the chief seat of his family. On 11 October 1532 he landed with the king in France. He was at the coronation of Queen Anne Boleyn in 1533 and later took part in her trial. Rutland was actively engaged in meeting the Pilgrimage of Grace. He held a joint command with the Earls of Huntingdon and Shrewsbury and marched to Nottingham and thence to Newark, Southwell, and Doncaster against the northern rebels.He was steward of many monasteries, and from his various ancestors had claims through their having founded certain of the houses. 
Hence at the Dissolution of the Monasteries he received numerous grants of monastic property. In Leicestershire he obtained Charley, Garradon, and by exchange, Croxton; in Yorkshire he received Beverley, Warter, and Rievaulx by exchange. 
Jointly with Robert Tyrwhit, he obtained Belvoir, Eagle, and Kyme in Lincolnshire, and in Yorkshire Nun Burnham.
When Anne of Cleves came to England to marry the king, Rutland was appointed her lord chamberlain and met her at Shooter's Hill on her approach to Greenwich Palace, after her unfortunate interview with the king at Rochester. 
In 1542 he became constable of Nottingham Castle. He went to the border again on 7 August 1542 as Warden of the Marches, but was recalled, in consequence of illness, in November of the same year. From Newark-on-Trent he wrote on 7 November to the Council of the North: "As Gode best knows, I ame in a poyur and febvll estat". He died on 20 September 1543.

Knight of the Garter
Manners, about two months before receipt of his earldom, was nominated by Henry VIII a Knight of the Garter in 1525. His Garter stall plate of brass inlaid with coloured enamel, survives in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. It is inscribed: Thom(a)s lord roosse, Erle of rotteland. Above the escutcheon, circumscribed by the Garter, is the crest of Manners: A peacock in pride. The arms displayed are: quarterly:
1 and 4, or, two bars azure a chief quarterly of the last and gules, on the 1st and 4th, two fleurs-de-lis or, on the 2nd and 3rd, a lion passant guardant or (Manners, with augmentation for the 1st Earl);
2, a grand quarter consisting of
1, gules, three water bougets argent (Ros)
2, azure, a Catherine wheel or (Belvoir)
3, gules, three Catherine wheels argent (Espec)
4, argent, a fess between two bars gemels gules (Badlesmere)3, a grand quarter consisting of
1, gules, three lions pasant guardant or, within a bordure argent (Holland, Earls of Kent)
2 and 3, argent, a saltire engrailed gules (Tiptoft)
4, or, a lion rampant gules (Edward Charleton, 5th Baron Charleton of Powys (1370–1421))

Marriages and progeny
He married twice:

Firstly in about 1512 to Elizabeth Lovell.  The marriage ended in 1513.
Secondly in about 1523 he married  Eleanor Paston, daughter of Sir William Paston of Norfolk, by whom he had the following progeny:

Sons
Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland (1526–1563)
Sir John Manners (c. 1534–1611), of Haddon Hall, Derbyshire, husband of Dorothy Vernon, grandfather of John Manners, 8th Earl of Rutland and great-grandfather of John Manners, 1st Duke of Rutland and Francis Talbot, 11th Earl of Shrewsbury.
Sir Thomas Manners, grandfather of Thomas Vavasour, 1st Baronet.
Roger Manners, Esq., died unmarried
Oliver Manners, Esq.

Daughters
Gertrude Manners, who married George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury and was the mother of Gilbert Talbot, 7th Earl of Shrewsbury and Edward Talbot, 8th Earl of Shrewsbury.
Anne Manners, who married Henry Neville, 5th Earl of Westmorland and was the mother of Charles Neville, 6th Earl of Westmorland.
Frances Manners, who married Henry Nevill, 6th Baron Bergavenny and was grandmother of Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland.
Katherine Manners, who married Sir Henry Capell, Sheriff of Essex.
Elizabeth Manners (c. 1530 – 8 August 1570), who married Sir John Savage of Rocksavage, whose mother was Elizabeth Somerset, daughter of Charles Somerset, 1st Earl of Worcester by his wife Elizabeth Herbert, 3rd Baroness Herbert. She was the grandmother of Thomas Savage, 1st Viscount Savage and the great-grandmother of John Savage, 1st Earl Rivers and was the great-great-grandmother of Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton.
Isabel Manners, died young.

Death and burial
He died on 20 September 1543 and was buried in Bottesford Church, Leicestershire. His body was embalmed with spices purchased in Nottingham and a surgeon encased it in wax. A plumber then encased it in a close fitting leaden shell.

Monument
His surviving alabaster chest tomb in the chancel of St Mary's Church, Bottesford, Leicestershire, was created by Richard Parker of Burton-on-Trent with John Lupton (rough mason) and his father, over a period of six days, the floor having been strengthened to the weight of the tomb.  Thomas Richard Parker "the alabaster man" was paid £20 for the sculpture and the supervision of its positioning. Surviving accounts at Belvoir Castle record in considerable detail the arrangements for this work and the funeral. As well as commemorating the 1st Earl of Rutland and his wife this monument also marks the first of the future burials in the church of eight earls and four dukes over a period of almost 250 years.

Description
The Earl's effigy is dressed in chain mail and full plate armour with a loose military tabard over which he wears the mantle of the Order of the Garter while on his left leg is the Garter itself. His head wears a basic form of coronet and rests on his tilt-heaume on top of which is the Manners crest of a peacock in pride on a Cap of Maintenance. The feet rest on a unicorn, from which the horn is now missing. The effigy of the countess is dressed in a gown and a short cape and wears an ermine trimmed mantle fastened by a cordon whose ends reach almost to her feet, under which is a griffon. Tasselled cushions support her head. The base of the tomb is decorated with corner pilasters, tasselled swags and "weeper" figures representing knights, ladies and others.

Ancestry
References
Attribution
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Archbold, William Arthur Jobson (1893). "Manners, Thomas".  In Lee, Sidney (ed.). Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 36. London: Smith, Elder & Co.

External links
Thomas Manners. Retrieved 17 May 2009
Burke, John, and Bernard Burke. A Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Extinct and Dormant Baronetcies of England, Ireland, and Scotland. Baltimore: Genealogical Pub. Co, 1977. googlebooks. Retrieved 30 October 2007
familysearch.org. Retrieved 30 October 2007
The Encyclopædia Britannica; A Dictionary of Arts, Sciences, Literature and General Information. Vol. XXIII, New York: Encyclopædia Britannica, 1910. (p. 943) googlebooks. Retrieved 17 May 2009Francisco Luis Espada Roig (21 December 1930 – 16 February 2014) was an American photojournalist, photographer, activist, educator, and community organizer. Frank Espada founded East New York Action in the early 1960s.

Early life
Espada was born in 1930 in Utuado, Puerto Rico. His family migrated to New York City in 1939. After high school he attended City College of New York but soon left without finishing his studies, instead joining the United States Air Force during the Korean War.
Espada married his wife, Marilyn, in 1952. Together they raised two boys and one girl: Jason, Lisa, and Martín. Under the G.I. Bill,  Espada was able to attend The New York Institute of Photography in New York City, where he studied documentary photography. He studied under and was mentored directly by  W. Eugene Smith as well as Dave Heath. To support his family he worked as an electrical contractor for ten years.

Political activism
Espada was became involved in the civil rights movement prior to 1967 when he joined The City-Wide Puerto Rican Development Program, then under the direction of Manny Díaz. He worked as a community organizer in New York City's most vulnerable and impoverished areas. Espada organized strikes against rent increases, voter registration drives, sit-ins of welfare recipients and mothers, public school boycotts, marches for safer streets and civil and political rights.
In 1979, Espada was awarded a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities which allowed him to focus on documenting the struggle of Puerto Rican communities in the US. Espada had been active and involved with the National Welfare Rights Organization, the National Latino Media Coalition, the National Congress for Puerto Rican Rights, the National Hispanic Manpower Association, and the National Association of Puerto Rican Drug Abuse Programs. In 1985, he moved his family to San Francisco.

Photography
Espada primarily known as a documentary photographer, and especially for his book and his documentary photography project entitled The Puerto Rican Diaspora: Themes in the Survival of a People in which he showcased his photography circa early-1960s to mid-1980s.Espada is known for his work in photography's physical as well as its digital darkrooms. He became a teacher of photography at the University of California, Berkeley. He also taught photography and darkroom techniques at the Academy of Art University and the San Francisco Art Institute. In addition, Espada opened up his home to a legion of private students and mentees of all ages and persuasions who signed up for one-on-one invite-only groups of private seminars and private darkroom instruction.
On the 109th Anniversary of the US Invasion of Puerto Rico, Espada with his then grown son, poet University of Massachusetts Amherst professor Martín Espada, appeared on a segment of Democracy Now!, a daily, independent, global news hour with Amy Goodman and Juan Gonzalez.Working with Youth Environment Study (YES) founded by Harvey Feldman, Espada photographed and documented the devastating effect HIV/AIDS had wrought on the often-neglected and underserved population of people who abused drugs. He also photographed the physical beauty that surrounded him throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. Much of Espada's work, including some of his photographs and partial papers from 1946 to 2010, are now housed by the Duke University Libraries in their Rubenstein Library. The Library of Congress acquired an 83-print portfolio, and in 2010 Duke University Libraries acquired a selection of Espada's work, including over 200 finished prints, a portion of his papers, and material related to the Diaspora project.

Works
Frank Espada (1 January 2006). The Puerto Rican Diaspora: Themes in the Survival of a People. Frank Espada. pp. 5–. ISBN 978-0-9791247-1-6.

References
External links
Official website
Frank Espada on Facebook
Library of Congress. Prints & Photographs Reading Room. Prints & Photographs Online Catalog. Espada, Frank, 1930-Uganda is a presidential republic in which the President of Uganda is  the head of state and the prime minister is the head of government business. There is a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is given to both the government and the National Assembly. The system is based on a democratic parliamentary system with equal rights for all citizens over 18 years of age.
The Economist Intelligence Unit rated Uganda a "hybrid regime" in 2019.

Political culture
In a measure ostensibly designed to reduce sectarian violence, political parties were restricted in their activities from 1986. In the non-party "Movement" system instituted by President Yoweri Museveni, political parties continued to exist but could not campaign in elections or field candidates directly (although electoral candidates could belong to political parties). A constitutional referendum canceled this 19-year ban on multi-party politics in July 2005.
Presidential elections were held in February 2006. Museveni ran against several candidates, of whom the most prominent was the exiled Dr. Kizza Besigye. Museveni was declared the winner. Besigye alleged fraud, and rejected the result. The Supreme Court of Uganda ruled that the election was marred by intimidation, violence, voter disenfranchisement, and other irregularities. However, the Court voted 4-3 to uphold the results of the election.

Executive
The head of state in Uganda is the President, who is elected by a popular vote to a five-year term. This is currently Yoweri Museveni, who is also the head of the armed forces. The previous presidential elections were in February 2011, and in the election of February 2016, Museveni was elected with 68 percent of the vote. The cabinet is appointed by the president from among the elected legislators. The prime minister, Robina Nabbanja, assists the president in the supervision of the cabinet.
The Cabinet of Uganda, according to the Constitution of Uganda, "shall consist of the President, the Vice President and such number of Ministers as may appear to the President to be reasonably necessary for the efficient running of the State."

Ministries of Uganda
Political parties and elections
Presidential elections
The most recent president elections in Uganda were held on January 14, 2021 featuring 11 aspirants comprising 10 men and 1 woman.
The announced but contested results are as follows;

Source: Uganda ELectoral CommissionThe pop star turned politician Bobi Wine, aka Robert Kyagulanyi Sentamu, is challenging the election results in the country's highest court, the supreme court seeking to over-turn Museveni's victory.
The highly contested elections marred with violence and opposition repression has outrage, condemnation and sanctions from both the US and the European Union

Parliamentary elections
Judiciary
The Ugandan judiciary operates as an independent branch of government and consists of magistrate's courts, high courts, courts of appeal (which organizes itself as the Constitutional Court of Uganda when hearing constitutional issues), and the Supreme Court. Judges for the High Court are appointed by the president; Judges for the Court of Appeal are appointed by the president and approved by the legislature.

Foreign relations
A fight between Ugandan and Libyan presidential guards sparked chaos during a ceremony attended by the heads of state from 11 African nations on March 19, 2008.

International organization participation
ACP (Lomé Convention)
African Development Bank
Commonwealth of Nations
East African Development Bank
Food and Agriculture Organization
Group of 77
Intelsat
Intergovernmental Authority on Development
International Atomic Energy Agency
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
International Civil Aviation Organization
International Confederation of Free Trade Unions
International Criminal Court
International Development Association
International Finance Corporation
International Fund for Agricultural Development
International Labour Organization
International Monetary Fund
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
International Olympic Committee
International Organization for Migration
International Organization for Standardization (correspondent)
International Telecommunication Union
Interpol
Islamic Development Bank
Non-Aligned Movement
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
Organisation of African Unity
Organisation of Islamic Cooperation
Permanent Court of Arbitration
United Nations
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
United Nations Economic Commission for Africa
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
United Nations Industrial Development Organization
Universal Postal Union
World Customs Organization
World Federation of Trade Unions
World Health Organization
World Intellectual Property Organization
World Meteorological Organization
World Tourism Organization
World Trade Organization

See also
List of government ministries of Uganda
Cabinet of Uganda
Parliament of Uganda
Supreme Court of Uganda

References
Uganda's opposition join forces (BBC News, 16 February 2004)
"Uganda 'night commuters' flee rebel brutality" (Yahoo News, October 17, 2005)
Tripp, Aili Mari, Museveni’s Uganda: Paradoxes of Power in a Hybrid Regime, Lynne Rienner Publishers, 2010.

External links
Parliament of Uganda
State House of Uganda
Constitution of the Republic of Uganda
Party Politics in Uganda, 1963-2000, Christina Nyströmee
Uganda Government at CurlieGenowefa Minicka (27 June 1926 – 26 April 1992) was a Polish sprinter. She competed in the 200 metres at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.


Alexander Monroe Dockery (February 11, 1845 – December 26, 1926) was an American physician and politician who served as the 30th governor of Missouri from 1901 to 1905. A Democrat, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing the 3rd district from 1883 to 1899.

Early life
Alexander Dockery, only child of Willis E. and Sarah Ellen Dockery, was born near Gallatin, Daviess County, Missouri. His father was a Methodist minister and one of the early settlers to the county. The young Dockery attended the local public schools and then studied for a brief time at Macon Academy in (Macon, Missouri) before attending the St. Louis Medical College (now Washington University School of Medicine), graduating on March 2, 1865. Dockery established a medical practice in Linneus, Missouri and attended post-graduate lectures at Bellevue College (New York City) and Jefferson Medical College (Philadelphia) during the winter of 1865–1866. He returned to his practice in Linneus for a time before moving to Chillicothe, Missouri. While in practice in Chillicothe, he met and married Mary Elizabeth Bird in 1869. Dockery served as county physician for Livingston County, Missouri, from 1870 to 1874. He also made his first tentative step into politics by serving as president of the Chillicothe board of education from 1871 to 1873. In 1872 Dockery began a ten-year period as a member of the Board of Curators of the University of Missouri.
In March 1874 Dr. Dockery ended his medical practice and returned to his native Gallatin to start a career in banking. He had originally intended to establish a bank in Milan, Missouri, but a Chillicothe friend and business associate, Thomas Yates, urged him to go into partnership with him in Gallatin instead. Dr. Dockery served as cashier and treasurer of the Farmers Exchange Bank, developing money management skills that would later prove useful in his political career both in the U.S. House of Representatives and as Missouri governor.

Politics
Alexander Dockery was a member of the Gallatin City Council beginning in 1878, and served as town mayor from 1881 to 1883. Pursuing a more active role in Democratic politics, Dockery was chairman of the congressional committee of his district In 1882 this led to him running for U.S. Congress. In November of that year he defeated incumbent Representative Joseph H. Burrows (Greenback Party) and Republican James H. Thomas with 52.9 percent of the vote to win a seat he would hold for the next sixteen years.

U.S. House
Congressman Dockery developed a reputation as a staunch fiscal conservative in the House, earning the sobriquet "Watchdog of the Treasury" during his ten years on the House Appropriations Committee, once stating "Unnecessary taxation leads to surplus revenue, surplus revenue begets extravagance, and extravagance sooner or later is surely followed by corruption." Drawing on his banking experience, he played a key role in the Treasury Departments modification and updating of its accounting practices. Dockery also served as Chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office where he brought about more fiscal responsibility and urged changes that improved mail delivery, especially in rural areas. He was an ardent supporter of Rural Free Delivery and its implementation in the 1890s. Dockery also fought against high tariffs, feeling it hurt farm exports. Among the important issues he would vote on in his time in Congress were the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887, the Hatch Act, and the Spanish–American War. After serving eight terms in Congress Dockery chose not to run for reelection in 1898. Finishing out his term in March 1899 he returned to Gallatin and began preparations for his next political goal, that of Missouri governor.

Governorship
The Missouri Gubernatorial election of November 1900 saw Alexander Dockery defeat Republican Joseph Flory and a divided field of four other candidates to win a narrow 51-percent victory. As Governor Dockery worked for increasing education funding and establishment of school districting across the state. Other highlights included election reforms and a franchise tax law was passed. Through increased revenue and changes in fiscal management techniques, a Dockery hallmark, during his administration the state's bonded indebtedness was paid off. Dockery was responsible for a "Missouri first" on March 23, 1903, when he signed the first state legislation licensing automobiles. The law required drivers to ring a bell or sound a horn or whistle before passing any horse-drawn machinery or vehicles. It also set a first-in-the-nation statewide speed limit of nine miles per hour. As governor, Alexander Dockery served as host to many world and national dignitaries during the 1904 St. Louis Worlds Fair.
Prohibited by the Missouri constitution from a second term as governor, Dockery left office in early January 1905 replaced by fellow Democrat Joseph W. Folk, a man he strongly disagreed with. Folk was a political reformer from St. Louis who crusaded against patronage and cronyism, the status quo in turn-of-the-20th-century Missouri politics. Questioning Folk's party loyalty, Dockery lobbied hard against him. Folk in return charged that the Dockery had allowed Democratic machine politics to intimidate voters in the Democratic primary voting. Folk claimed that Dockery was either too incompetent to control the St. Louis police or was complicit in their inaction as Folk supporters were intimidated or physically attacked at St. Louis polling places. Rather than see the state's highest office go to a Republican, the Folk-Dockery feud was settled in a second "Missouri Compromise" at the state Democratic convention. With Dockery's tepid support, Folk and his reformers won, marking a sea change in state politics as the "old guard" Democrats and their way of doing things began to fade.

Postal Service
Now a widower following the 1903 death of his wife, Alexander Dockery returned to Gallatin prepared for a life of semi-retirement. He was active in local civic affairs, and found enjoyment in, of all things, road repair. It was not an uncommon sight around Daviess County's Union Township to find Dockery with a horse and wagon out patching potholes and fixing culverts. In spite of his earlier clash with Joseph Folk, Dockery remained active in state Democratic politics, serving as treasurer of the Democratic State Committee in 1912 and 1914. Dockery's retirement ended in 1913 when on a trip to see the inauguration of Woodrow Wilson the new President asked him to help manage and streamline the U.S. Postal Service. Appointed the position of third assistant Postmaster General, Dockery helped put the agency's fiscal house in order. He served in the role until March 31, 1921.

Final years
Alexander Dockery retired to Gallatin again for the final years of his life. His wife deceased and all of their children dying very young, Dockery directed his paternal feelings toward the children of the community as a whole. A very large donation of books and money by Dockery helped create the Gallatin High School library. He also donated a 13-acre tract of land for use as a park. For many years "Dockery Day", his birthday, was celebrated in the community with all the schoolchildren receiving free admission to the town theater that day, courtesy of the Governor. Alexander Monroe Dockery died December 26, 1926. He is buried in the Edgewood Cemetery in Chillicothe, Missouri.


In Aztec mythology, Chalchiuhtotolin (; Nahuatl for "Jade Turkey") was a god of disease and plague. Chalchihuihtotolin, the Jewelled Fowl, Tezcatlipoca's nahual. Chalchihuihtotolin is a symbol of powerful sorcery. Tezcatlipoca can tempt humans into self-destruction, but when he takes his turkey form he can also cleanse them of contamination, absolve them of guilt, and overcome their fate. In the tonalpohualli, Chalchihuihtotolin rules over day Tecpatl (Stone Knife) and over trecena 1-Atl (Water).The preceding thirteen days are ruled over by Xolotl. Chalchihuihtotolin has a particularly evil side to him. Even though he is shown with the customary green feathers, most codices show him bent over and with black/white eyes, which is a sign reserved for evil gods such as Tezcatlipoca, Mictlantecuhtli, and Xolotl. Another depiction of Chalchiuhtotolin's evil side includes the sharp silver of his talons. His nahual is a turkey in which he terrorizes villages, bringing disease and sickness.


Southern Counties South (also known as Wadworth 6X Southern Counties South for sponsorship reasons) is a league in the Rugby Football Union South West Division, the rugby union governing body for South West England, part of the Rugby Football Union.  When league rugby first began in 1987 it was a single league known as Southern Counties but since 1996 the division was split into two regional leagues - Southern Counties North and Southern Counties South.  Southern Counties South currently sits at the seventh tier of club rugby union in England and primarily features teams based in Dorset and Wiltshire.
The league champions at the end of the season are promoted to South West 1 East while the runners up face the runners up from Southern Counties North for their place.  Relegated teams tend to drop to either Dorset & Wilts 1 North or Dorset & Wilts 1 South depending on geographic placement.  Although 2nd XV rugby is part of the Dorset & Wilts regional leagues, only 1st XV teams can play in Southern Counties South.
Teams affiliated with the Dorset & Wilts RFU who play in Southern Counties South also participate in the RFU Intermediate Cup - a national competition for clubs at level 7.

2021-22
Thatcham finished 11th in 2019-20 but were level transferred to Southern Counties North for the current season.

2020–21
Due to the coronavirus pandemic the season was cancelled.

2019-20
2018-19
2017-18
2016-17
Season 2015–16
The 2015–16 Southern Counties South consists of twelve teams; four each from Dorset, Somerset and Wiltshire. The season started on 12 September 2015 and ended on 23 April 2016.

Participating teams
Eight of the twelve teams participated in last season's competition. The 2014–15 champions Swanage & Wareham and runners up Salisbury (who won their playoff game) were promoted to the South West 1 East while Supermarine and Corsham were both relegated to Dorset & Wilts 1 North.  Wootton Bassett were level transferred from Southern Counties North.

League Table 2015-16
Teams 2014-15
Bradford-on-Avon
Corsham
Dorchester
Frome
Midsomer Norton
North Dorset
Salisbury (relegated from South West 1 East)
Sherborne
Supermarine
Swanage & Wareham
Walcot
Wimborne

Teams 2013-14
Corsham
Dorchester
Frome
Ivel Barbarians
North Dorset (relegated from Tribute South West 1 West)
Sherborne
Swanage & Wareham
Trowbridge
Walcot
Wells
Wimborne

Teams 2012-13
Corsham
Devizes
Dorchester
Frome
Oakmeadians
Sherborne
Supermarine
Trowbridge
Walcott
Weymouth
Wimborne
Wootton Bassett

Teams 2009-10
Bradford-on-Avon
Corsham
Devizes
Dorchester
Frome
Ivel Barbarians
Minety
North Dorset
Oldfield Old Boys
Sherborne
Tadley
Wimborne

Original teams
When league rugby began in 1987 this division (known as Southern Counties) contained the following teams:

Aylesbury
Banbury
Bletchley
Bracknell
Marlow
Oxford Marathon
Oxford Old Boys
Redingensians
Swindon
Wimborne
Windsor

Southern Counties South Honours
Southern Counties (1987–1993)
Originally Southern Counties North and Southern Counties South were combined in a single division called Southern Counties.  It was a tier 7 league with promotion up to South West 2 and relegation down to either Berks/Dorset/Wilts 1 or Bucks/Oxon 1.

Southern Counties (1993–1996)
At the end of the 1992–93 season the top six teams from London Division 1 and the top six from South West Division 1 were combined to create National 5 South.  This meant that Southern Counties dropped from a tier 7 league to a tier 8 league for the years that National 5 South was active.  Promotion continued to South West 2 and relegation down to either Berks/Dorset/Wilts 1 or Bucks/Oxon 1.

Southern Counties South (1996–2000)
Restructuring by the RFU at the end of the 1995–96 season saw Southern Counties split into two separate leagues, Southern Counties North and Southern Counties South, which reverted to tier 7 leagues due to the cancellation of National 5 South.  Promotion from Southern Counties South was now to the new South West 2 East while relegation was now only to Berks/Dorset/Wilts 1 (currently split into Dorset & Wilts 1 North and Dorset & Wilts 2 South).

Southern Counties South (2000–2004)
Southern Counties South remained a tier 7 league, with promotion continuing to South West 2 East.  However, the transfer of Berkshire clubs from the Dorset/Wilts leagues to the Bucks/Oxon leagues, meant that relegation was now to Dorset & Wilts 1 (formerly Berks/Dorset/Wilts 1).

Southern Counties South (2005–2009)
Southern Counties South remained a tier 7 league, with promotion continuing to South West 2 East, while a further restructuring of the Dorset/Wilts leagues meant that relegation was now to either Dorset & Wilts 1 North or Dorset & Wilts 1 South.

Southern Counties North (2009–present)
Despite widespread league restructuring by the RFU, Southern Counties South continued as a tier 7 league, with promotion to South West 1 East (formerly South West 2 East) and relegation to either Dorset & Wilts 1 North or Dorset & Wilts 1 South.

Promotion play-offs
Since the 2000–01 season there has been a play-off between the runners-up of Southern Counties North and Southern Counties South for the third and final promotion place to South West 1 East. The team with the superior league record has home advantage in the tie.  At the end of the 2019–20 season Southern Counties North teams have been the most successful with twelve wins to the Southern Counties South teams seven; and the home team has won promotion on thirteen occasions compared to the away teams six.

See also
South West Division RFU
Dorset & Wilts RFU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England

Number of league titles
Notes


The Illinois National Guard Armory in Rockford, Illinois, is located at 605 Main St. and served as the headquarters for Illinois National Guard units of various designations for nearly 60 years. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The armory also was used as a music venue throughout the 1970s. ZZ Top, KISS, REO Speedwagon and Fleetwood Mac are some of the bands that held concerts.

National Guard use
Construction planning began in 1934  for the Illinois National Guard Armory in Rockford began with the selection of a site and architects for the project. With Bradley & Bradley signed on as architects and Sjostrom & Sons contracted for construction the project began in 1936. The firm of Benson Stone created unique stonework for the building's façade. The building was dedicated in 1937. Throughout WWII and on into the Cold War the Illinois National Guard occupied the facility. By 1941 the armory had seen its one millionth visitor.In 1987 the State of Illinois designated the armory for repairs and allocated $490,000 for a new roof, wall repairs, window and door repairs, and other pertinent repair work. Those repairs happened in 1989 and the armory was up to code for the 404th Chemical Brigade to occupy the facility in 1990. The 404th was activated on June 23, 1990, as the only Chemical Brigade in the Army National Guard force structure. The 404th stayed at the armory until March 1, 1993, when the National Guard vacated the Rockford armory and moved into the new Machesney Park Armory. With the National Guard gone the art deco building stood empty and open to new owners. Right after the Guard moved out Illinois Governor Jim Edgar blocked the sale of the armory to a Chicago investor, Ken Goldberg. Goldberg had offered $61,000 for the property but Edgar cited building code violations on Goldberg's other properties as rationale for blocking the deal.

Post Guard use
The period from 1994 to 1999 saw the armory occupied by an educational facility and was a time period that was rife with controversy surrounding the transfer of and condition of the property. It was in 1994/1995 that Amcore Bank provided the OIC Vocational Institute with $300,000 in loans against its Accounts Receivable. The Institute expected federal grants for its status as an educational/job training facility as well as being a non-profit organization. However, according to the Illinois State Board of Education OIC was never accredited, despite this, at the time, the National Guard leased the armory to the OIC Institute. A year later, in 1996, Illinois State Senator Dave Syverson paved the way for OIC to purchase the armory property for $1, a dollar the National Guard claims it was never paid. In a Quit Claim Deed OIC agreed to use the armory for 20 years as an educational and job training facility or ownership will revert to the state.
The Institute would occupy the armory for less than two years. By 1997 OIC was teetering and the state was facing the prospect of having an empty Guard armory on its hands. Syverson and Illinois Representative Doug Scott, of Rockford, sponsor an amendment to remove the revert clause and ensure that the armory would stay out of state ownership. The amendment successfully became law and Amcore Bank placed a lien on the property. A year later the armory was put up as collateral as the loans were consolidated and renewed. Controversy surrounded the armory in 1999 as OIC Administrator Carl Towns claimed the National Guard had left the armory in disrepair, a claim National Guard Col. Joe Vecchio (Retired) refuted as false. The same year Towns complained about the armory's condition OIC went bankrupt and left the facility in the hands of Amcore Bank. The bank foreclosed on the property and began a search for a new owner.As Amcore searched for a new owner, in 2000, local historic preservation activist Sylvia Doyle-Pagel sought landmark status for the armory. The bank's legal team was against this move and recommended to the Rockford City Council that the status be denied. The council went ahead with the designation anyway, despite the opposition of one of the city aldermen. Doyle-Pagel successfully petitioned for the armory's inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places and the status was granted on August 10, 2000.
In 2003 Mirador LLC took over ownership of the 1930s building and the armory stayed vacant. Finally in 2006 the building was donated to the City of Rockford by Jocelyn Blair-Stoller of Mirador LLC.


== Notes ==Carlos Francisco Martins Pinheiro (May 30, 1925 – June 4, 2010) was the Catholic titular bishop of Dumium and the auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Braga, Portugal.
Ordained to the priesthood on July 8, 1951, Pinheiro was named auxiliary bishop of the Braga Archdiocese on February 16, 1985 and was ordained bishop on April 28, 1985 retiring on November 10, 2000.


== Notes ==Air Mobility Command (AMC) is a major command (MAJCOM) of the U.S. Air Force. It is headquartered at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, east of St. Louis, Missouri.Air Mobility Command was established on 1 June 1992, and was formed from elements of the inactivated Military Airlift Command (MAC) and Strategic Air Command (SAC).  AMC melded MAC's worldwide airlift system of primarily C-5 Galaxy, C-17 Globemaster III, and C-130 Hercules airlift aircraft with SAC's tanker force of KC-135 Stratotanker and KC-10 Extender aerial refueling aircraft, the former aircraft having been freed from their strategic nuclear strike commitment to SAC's B-52 Stratofortress and B-1 Lancer bomber fleet by the end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Overview
Air Mobility Command's mission is to provide global air mobility. The command also plays a crucial role in providing humanitarian support at home and around the world. AMC Airmen – active duty, Air National Guard, and Air Force Reserve, augmented by the civilian airliners and flight crews of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) – provide airlift and aerial refueling for all of the United States' armed forces. Many special duty and operational support aircraft (OSA) and stateside aeromedical evacuation missions are also assigned to AMC.
U.S. forces must be able to provide a rapid, tailored response with a capability to intervene against a well-equipped foe, hit hard and terminate quickly. Rapid global mobility lies at the heart of U.S. strategy in this environment.  Without the capability to project forces, there is no conventional deterrent. As the number of U.S. forces stationed overseas continue to decline, global interests remain, making the capabilities AMC can provide even more in demand.
Air Mobility Command also has the mission of establishing bare air bases in contingencies.  To accomplish this mission, AMC established two Contingency Response Wings, and operates the Eagle Flag exercise.In addition to its status as a MAJCOM of the Air Force, AMC is also the Air Force component command of the United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM).  It provides airlift, special missions, aerial refueling, and aeromedical evacuation for the United States armed forces.  It also provides alert aerial refueling aircraft to the United States Strategic Command, and is a provider of theater airlift, aerial refueling, and aeromedical evacuation forces to the regional Unified Combatant Commands. AMC also operates VIP flights such as Air Force One, Air Force Two, and other Special Assignment Airlift Missions (SAAM).  Finally, AMC acts as the single manager, on behalf of United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM), for Military Space Available Travel.
Principal aircraft assets of the command include: C-17 Globemaster III, C-5 Galaxy, C-130 Hercules, KC-135 Stratotanker, KC-10 Extender, C-40 Clipper, C-37 Gulfstream V, and the C-21 Learjet. As of 2015, the command is also preparing for the addition of the KC-46 Pegasus.  Additional long-range airlift aircraft are available during national emergencies through the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF), a fleet of commercial aircraft committed to support the transportation of military forces and material in times of crisis.
Additional aircraft in support of high-profile VIP airlift include: VC-25, C-32, C-20G, C-20H, and the C-38.

AMC wings and groups
The Air Mobility Command consists of the following active duty units:

AFRC and ANG wings and groups operationally-gained by AMC
In addition to the active duty AMC units, numerous Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) and Air National Guard (ANG) units equipped with C-5, C-17, C-21, C-38, C-40, C-130, LC-130, WC-130, KC-10 and KC-135 aircraft are "operationally gained" by AMC.  These units train and exercise frequently and routinely provide augmentative operational support to AMC's active duty forces.  AFRC units, when mobilized to active duty, and ANG units, when mobilized to federal service and active duty, may be deployed overseas as part of AMC in Air Expeditionary Groups and Wings as directed by HQ AMC.

Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) unitsFourth Air Force (4 AF) – March ARB, California (Air Force Reserve C-5, C-17, C-40, KC-135 and KC-10 units)
Twenty-Second Air Force (22 AF) – Dobbins ARB, Georgia (Air Force Reserve C-130 and WC-130 units)
Air National Guard (ANG) unitsANG air mobility units currently operate the C-21, C-17, C-38, C-40, C-130, LC-130 and KC-135, but are not assigned to a particular Numbered Air Force in the Air National Guard.  Instead, they report to AMC via the National Guard Bureau (NGB).
Civil Reserve Air Fleet

Operations
AMC has undergone considerable change since its establishment. Focusing on the core mission of strategic air mobility, the command divested itself of infrastructure and forces not directly related to Global Reach. The Air Rescue Service, intratheater aeromedical airlift forces based overseas and much of the operational support airlift fleet were transferred to other commands. However, all KC-10 Extender and most KC-135 Stratotanker air refueling aircraft initially assigned to Air Combat Command following the disestablishment of Strategic Air Command (SAC) were transferred to AMC, along with Grand Forks AFB, McConnell AFB and Fairchild AFB.As a result of the Global War on Terrorism, on 1 October 2003, AMC underwent a major restructuring, bringing a war fighting role to its numbered air force. AMC reactivated Eighteenth Air Force (18 AF) and established it as its main war fighting force.  As subordinate components of 18 AF, AMC redesignated its two former numbered air forces as Expeditionary Mobility Task Forces (EMTF).  Fifteenth Air Force was redesignated as the 15th Expeditionary Mobility Task Force (15 EMTF), headquartered at Travis AFB, and Twenty-First Air Force was redesignated as the 21st Expeditionary Mobility Task Force (21 EMTF), headquartered at McGuire AFB.AMC's ability to provide global reach is tested daily. From providing fuel, supplies and aeromedical support to troops on the frontline of the Global War on Terrorism, to providing humanitarian supplies to hurricane, flood, and earthquake victims both at home and abroad, AMC has been engaged in almost nonstop operations since its inception. Command tankers and airlifters have supported peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts in Afghanistan, Bosnia, Iraq, Cambodia, Somalia, Rwanda and Haiti, and continue to play a vital role in the ongoing Global War on Terrorism. The USAF believes that air mobility is a national asset of growing importance for responding to emergencies and protecting national interests around the globe.

Aircraft
AMC accepted its first C-17 Globemaster III at Charleston AFB, South Carolina, on 14 June 1993, and declared initial operational capability on 17 January 1995. AMC's second C-17 wing was established at McChord AFB, Washington, in July 1999. The versatile C-17, America's future core military airlifter, is a key player in the Air Force's post-Cold War strategy of "global reach, global power".
The C-17 replaced the C-141 Starlifter fleet inherited from Military Airlift Command (MAC).  C-141s were retired as C-17s were accepted into the inventory.  First seeing operational service in 1965 under the Military Air Transport Service (MATS), the last Starlifters were retired in the early 2000s. By 2004, the C-141 left AMC service with active duty USAF units, being confined to Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard units for the remainder of its operational service life.  In 2004, 2005, and 2006, the C-141s assigned to the 445 AW participated in missions to Iraq and Afghanistan, mostly for the medical evacuation of wounded service members. The last eight C-141s were officially retired in 2006.
The C-5 Galaxy airlifter, also inherited from MAC, is being modernized and upgraded into the C-5M Super Galaxy model. It is planned to modernize all C-5Bs and C-5Cs and many of the C-5As to the C-5M standard.  The first C-5M conversion was completed on 16 May 2006, and performed its first flight on 19 June 2006.  It is estimated that the modifications will extend the service life of the C-5 to about 2040.
Most legacy models of the C-130 Hercules (e.g., C-130E, C-130H, C-130H2) in AMC, AFRC and ANG units will eventually be replaced by the C-130J Super Hercules. The C-130 family has the longest continuous production run of any military aircraft in history and has served in every branch of the U.S. armed forces except the U.S. Army. During more than 50 years of service, the C-130 has participated in military, civilian and humanitarian aid operations.  It is likely that future improvements to the C-130 will mean the design will be in service into the foreseeable future.
The upgrades of the inherited Strategic Air Command KC-135 Stratotanker to E, R, RT and T models have extended their lifetimes to 36,000 (E) and 39,000 flying hours (R, RT and T), respectively.  The last KC-135E was retired in 2009 and all remaining operational USAF KC-135 aircraft are of the KC-135R, KC-135RT or KC-135T series.  Acquired by SAC in the late 1950s, according to the Air Force, only a few KC-135s would reach these limits before 2040; but at that time, some of the aircraft would be about 80 years old. The Air Force estimates that their current fleet of KC-135s have between 12,000 and 14,000 flying hours on them...only 33 percent of the lifetime flying hour limit...and none will meet the limit until 2040.  Therefore, the USAF has decided to replace the KC-135 fleet. However, since there were originally over 500 KC-135s with the since-retired KC-135E included, these aircraft will be replaced gradually, with the first batch of about 100 aircraft to be replaced in the current buy. The effort to replace the KC-135 has been marked by intense controversy.
The 59 KC-10 Extender tankers, originally acquired in the 1980s by SAC, have been operated largely in the refueling of large number of fighter aircraft on ferry flights, the refueling of other transport aircraft, or as supplemental airlift aircraft for palletized cargo, augmenting the C-5 and C-17 fleet. Conversely, the KC-135 fleet has operated largely in the in-theater role.  In an attempt to modernize the platform, the USAF has awarded Boeing a US$216 million contract to upgrade its fleet of 59 aircraft with new Communication, navigation and surveillance and air traffic management system to operate into the 2020s.

History
The direct successor to the USAF Military Airlift Command, the emblem of Air Mobility Command retained the historic emblem of not only the Military Airlift Command, but also the Military Air Transport Service (MATS), established in 1948 as the first Department of Defense Unified Command. The heritage of Air Mobility Command also includes the air refueling heritage inherited from the historic Strategic Air Command.

Lineage
Established as Air Mobility Command and activated on 1 July 1992Consolidated with Military Airlift Command on 1 October 2016

Assignments
Headquarters, United States Air Force, 1 July 1992 – present

Stations
Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, 1 June 1992 – present

Major components
Air Forces

Fifteenth Air Force (15 AF), 1 June 1992 – 1 October 2003Redesignated: 15th Expeditionary Mobility Task Force (15 EMTF), 1 October 2003 – presentEighteenth Air Force (18 AF), 1 October 2003 – present
Twenty-First Air Force (21 AF), 1 June 1992 – 1 October 2003Redesignated: 21st Expeditionary Mobility Task Force (21 EMTF), 1 October 2003 – presentTwenty-Second Air Force (22 AF), 1 June 1992 – 1 July 1993Reassigned from AMC to Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC), 1 July 1993Direct Reporting Units

United States Air Force Expeditionary Center, 1 October 2003 – presentSchools and Centers

618th Air and Space Operations Center / Tanker Airlift Control Center (TACC), 1 April 1992 – present
USAF Air Mobility School, 1 June 1992 – 1 May 1994
Air Mobility Warfare Center, 1 May 1994 – 1 October 2003 (reorganized as a Direct Reporting Unit on 1 October 2003)Services

Air Combat Camera Service, 1 June 1992 – 1 October 1994
Air Rescue Service, 1 June 1992 – 1 February 1993
Defense Courier Service, 15 October 1998 – 1 October 2004.

List of commanders
See also
Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (U.S. Army)
Military Sealift Command (U.S. Navy)
Phoenix Mobility Program

References
This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency website http://www.afhra.af.mil/.

External links
Air Mobility Command home page
Space-A Online Registration home pageClap Board Production is a Tamil film production and distribution house. Clap Board Production is located in Vadapalani, Chennai. It has produced over two films in Tamil and distributed over three films. V. Sathyamurthy is the director of Clap Board Production.

Filmography
Production
Distribution
References

http://www.sify.com/movies/vijay-milton%E2%80%99s-goli-soda-2-is-slowly-turning-hot-in-the-trade-news-tamil-sc2kOteaffchg.htmlThe Salzspeicher (salt storehouses), of Lübeck, Germany, are six historic brick buildings on the Upper Trave River next to the Holstentor (the western city gate).
Built in the 16th–18th centuries, the houses stored salt that was mined near Lüneburg and brought to Lübeck over the Stecknitz Canal. The salt was then shipped to several ports in the Baltic region, where the commodity was relatively rare, but was in high demand for the preservation of food. The salt trade from the late Middle Ages onward was a major reason for the power of Lübeck and the Hanseatic League.
In the course of the centuries, the houses were adapted for the storage of different goods, such as cloth, grain and wood.
Part of the complex was used as the residence of Count Orlok in the classic horror movie Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens as well as the remake Nosferatu the Vampyre.


Assata aka Joanne Chesimard is a 2008 biographical film directed by Fred Baker and starring Warly Ceriani. The film premiered at the San Diego Black Film Festival and starred Assata Shakur.

Premise
The film is a biography of Assata Shakur, a controversial member of the Black Panther movement.

Cast
Will Blagrove: FBI Agent
Rick Borgia: District Attorney
J.D. Brown: Trooper Werner Foerster
Kathleen Cleaver: Herself
Pat Dempsey: James Harper (as Jack P. Dempsey)
Lila Dupree: White Woman - Escape
Charles Everett: Justin
Omar Gonzalez: Fred Hampton Jr.
Steven Hill: Sundiata Acoli
Rosemari Mealy: Herself
Bryant Pearson: Lead Escaper
Robert Sciglimpaglia: Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Assata Shakur: Herself
Char Sydney: Assata - as young woman
Erika Vaughn: Asha

References
External links
Assata aka Joanne Chesimard at IMDbVishva Chathuranga (born 9 October 1998) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Galle Cricket Club in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 28 December 2016. He made his Twenty20 debut for Panadura Sports Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018. He made his List A debut for Panadura Sports Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 16 March 2018.In August 2018, he was named in Colombo's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. In November 2019, he was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the men's cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Sri Lanka team won the silver medal, after they lost to Bangladesh by seven wickets in the final.

References
External links
Vishva Chathuranga at ESPNcricinfoHoudini is a 3D animation software application developed by Toronto-based SideFX, who adapted it from the PRISMS suite of procedural generation software tools. The procedural tools are used to produce different effects such as complex reflections, animations and particles system. Some of its procedural features have been in existence since 1987.Houdini is most commonly used for the creation of visual effects in film and games. It is used by major VFX companies such as Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar, DreamWorks Animation, Double Negative, ILM, MPC, Framestore, Sony Pictures Imageworks, Method Studios and The Mill.It has been used in many feature animation productions, including Disney's feature films Fantasia 2000, Frozen, and Zootopia; the Blue Sky Studios film Rio, and DNA Productions' Ant Bully.SideFX also publishes Houdini Apprentice, a limited version of the software that is free of charge for non-commercial use.

Release history
Features
Houdini covers all the major areas of 3D production, including these:

Modeling – All standard geometry entities including Polygons, (Hierarchical) NURBS/Bézier Curves/Patches & Trims, Metaballs
Animation – Keyframed animation and raw channel manipulation (CHOPs), motion capture support
Particles
Dynamics – Rigid Body Dynamics, Fluid Dynamics, Wire Dynamics, Cloth Simulation, Crowd simulation.
Lighting – node-based shader authoring, lighting and re-lighting in an IPR viewer
Rendering – Houdini ships with SideFX's rendering engines Mantra and Karma; Houdini Indie licence and up support 3rd party rendering engines, such as Renderman, Octane, Arnold, Redshift, V-ray, Maxwell(soon).
Volumetrics – With its native CloudFx and PyroFx toolsets, Houdini can create clouds, smoke and fire simulations.
Compositing – full compositor of floating-point deep (layered) images.
Plugin Development – development libraries for user extensibility.Houdini is an open environment and supports a variety of scripting APIs. Python is increasingly the scripting language of choice for the package, and is intended to substitute its original C Shell-like scripting language, HScript. However, any major scripting languages which support socket communication can interface with Houdini.

Tools
Operators
Houdini's procedural nature is found in its operators. Digital assets are generally constructed by connecting sequences of operators (or OPs). This proceduralism has several advantages:  it allows users to construct highly detailed geometric or organic objects in comparatively very few steps;  it enables and encourages non-linear development;  and new operators can be created in terms of existing operators, a flexible alternative to non-procedural scripting often relied on in other packages for customisation. Houdini uses this procedural generation in production of textures, shaders, particles, "channel data" (data used to drive animation), rendering and compositing.
Houdini's operator-based structure is divided into several main groups:

OBJs – nodes that pass transform information (Traditionally these contain SOPs.)
SOPs – Surface Operators –  for procedural modelling.
POPs – Particle Operators – used to manipulate particles systems.
CHOPs – Channel Operators – for procedural animation and audio manipulation.
COPs – Composite Operators – used to perform compositing on footages.
DOPs – Dynamic Operators – for dynamic simulations for fluids, cloth, rigid body interaction etc.
SHOPs – Shading Operator – for representing a dozen or more different shading types for several different renderers.
ROPs – render operators – for building networks to represent different render passes and render dependencies.
VOPs – VEX operators – for building nodes of any of the above types using a highly optimized SIMD architecture.
TOPs - Task Operators
LOPs - Lighting Operators - for generating USD describing characters, props, lighting, and rendering.Operators are connected together in networks. Data flows through, manipulated by each operator in turn. This data could represent 3D geometry, bitmap images, particles, dynamics, shader algorithms, animation, audio, or a combination of these. This node graph architecture is similar to that employed in node-based compositors such as Shake or Nuke.
Complex networks can be grouped into a single meta-operator node which behaves like a class definition, and can be instantiated in other networks like any compiled node. In this way users can create their own sophisticated tools without the need for programming. In this way Houdini can be regarded as a highly interactive visual programming toolkit which makes programming more accessible to artists.
Houdini's set of tools are mostly implemented as operators. This has led to a higher learning curve than other comparable tools. It is one thing to know what all the nodes do – but the key to success with Houdini is understanding how to represent a desired creative outcome as a network of nodes. Successful users are generally familiar with a large repertoire of networks (algorithms) which achieve standard creative outcomes. The overhead involved in acquiring this repertoire of algorithms is offset by the artistic and algorithmic flexibility afforded by access to lower level building blocks with which to configure shot element creation routines. In large productions, the development of a procedural network to solve a specific element creation challenge makes automation trivial. Many studios that use Houdini on large feature effects, and feature animation projects develop libraries of procedures that can be used to automate generation of many of the elements for that film with almost no artist interaction.
Also unique to Houdini is the range of I/O OPs available to animators, including MIDI devices, raw files or TCP connections, audio devices (including built-in phoneme and pitch detection), mouse cursor position, and so on.  Of particular note is Houdini's ability to work with audio, including sound and music synthesis and spatial 3D sound processing tools. These operators exist in the context called "CHOPs" for which Side Effects won a Technical Achievement Academy Award in 2002.
VEX (Vector Expression) is one of Houdini's internal languages. It is similar to the Renderman Shading Language. Using VEX a user can develop custom SOPs, POPs, shaders, etc. The current implementation of VEX utilizes SIMD-style processing.

Rendering
Houdini is bundled with a production-class renderer, Mantra, which had many similarities to RenderMan in its scope and application in its initial incarnation. Micropolygon rendering is supported, allowing high-quality displacement operations as well as traditional scan-line and raytracing modes. Shaders are scriptable and composed in their VEX language, or by using VOPs; their node-based interface to programming VEX. Mantra (as does Houdini itself) also supports point-clouds, which can be similar in application as brickmaps in Renderman. This allows more complicated light interactions, such as sub-surface scattering and ambient occlusion, to be produced with lower computational overhead. Mantra can perform extremely fast volume rendering, and also physically based path-tracing – a technique which attempts to more accurately model the physical interactions of light and materials.

TouchDesigner
Derivative Inc. is a spin-off of Side Effects Software that markets a derivative of Houdini called TouchDesigner.  Tailored toward real-time OpenGL-generated animation, it was used on rock group Rush's 30th-anniversary tour to produce dynamic graphics driven directly by the musicians. TouchDesigner was also used by Xite Labs (formerly V Squared Labs) to create live visuals for Amon Tobin's ISAM installation tour.

Production
The notable works in which Houdini was used include the 1997 Contact movie and more recent 2016 Zootopia.

See also
Autodesk 3ds Max
Autodesk Maya
Blender
Cinema 4D
IRIX OS
Electric Image Animation System
Silicon Graphics Inc
Softimage 3D

References
External links
SideFX Software, Makers of Houdini
Orbolt Asset store (official)
Derivative Inc., spin-off of Side Effects Software and maker of TouchDesigner.
odforce – a Houdini artist community site
3Daet , A project-based Houdini site built by its users. Seems not to be active anymore.
CG WIKI / Joy of Vex, great resource for VEX, one of the programming languages used in Houdini.
Houdini community page on Facebook
PRISMS description and screenshots
30 minute interview with Kim Davidson about the history of Houdini
Houdini 17.5 Released (13 March 2019)
Houdini 18.0 Released (27 November 2019)A wiki ( (listen) WIK-ee) is a hypertext publication collaboratively edited and managed by its own audience directly using a web browser. A typical wiki contains multiple pages for the subjects or scope of the project and could be either open to the public or limited to use within an organization for maintaining its internal knowledge base.
Wikis are enabled by wiki software, otherwise known as wiki engines. A wiki engine, being a form of a content management system, differs from other web-based systems such as blog software, in that the content is created without any defined owner or leader, and wikis have little inherent structure, allowing structure to emerge according to the needs of the users. Wiki engines usually allow content to be written using a simplified markup language and sometimes edited with the help of a rich-text editor. There are dozens of different wiki engines in use, both standalone and part of other software, such as bug tracking systems. Some wiki engines are open source, whereas others are proprietary. Some permit control over different functions (levels of access); for example, editing rights may permit changing, adding, or removing material. Others may permit access without enforcing access control. Other rules may be imposed to organize content.
The online encyclopedia project, Wikipedia, is the most popular wiki-based website, and is one of the most widely viewed sites in the world, having been ranked in the top twenty since 2007. Wikipedia is not a single wiki but rather a collection of hundreds of wikis, with each one pertaining to a specific language. In addition to Wikipedia, there are hundreds of thousands of other wikis in use, both public and private, including wikis functioning as knowledge management resources, notetaking tools, community websites, and intranets. The English-language Wikipedia has the largest collection of articles: as of February 2020, it has over 6 million articles. Ward Cunningham, the developer of the first wiki software, WikiWikiWeb, originally described wiki as "the simplest online database that could possibly work." "Wiki" (pronounced [wiki]) is a Hawaiian word meaning "quick."

Characteristics
In their book The Wiki Way: Quick Collaboration on the Web, Ward Cunningham and co-author Bo Leuf described the essence of the Wiki concept:
"A wiki invites all users—not just experts—to edit any page or to create new pages within the wiki Web site, using only a standard "plain-vanilla" Web browser without any extra add-ons."
"Wiki promotes meaningful topic associations between different pages by making page link creation intuitively easy and showing whether an intended target page exists or not."
"A wiki is not a carefully crafted site created by experts and professional writers and designed for casual visitors. Instead, it seeks to involve the typical visitor/user in an ongoing process of creation and collaboration that constantly changes the website landscape."A wiki enables communities of editors and contributors to write documents collaboratively. All that people require to contribute is a computer, Internet access, a web browser, and a basic understanding of a simple markup language (e.g. MediaWiki markup language). A single page in a wiki website is referred to as a "wiki page", while the entire collection of pages, which are usually well-interconnected by hyperlinks, is "the wiki". A wiki is essentially a database for creating, browsing, and searching through information. A wiki allows non-linear, evolving, complex, and networked text, while also allowing for editor argument, debate, and interaction regarding the content and formatting. A defining characteristic of wiki technology is the ease with which pages can be created and updated. Generally, there is no review by a moderator or gatekeeper before modifications are accepted and thus lead to changes on the website. Many wikis are open to alteration by the general public without requiring registration of user accounts. Many edits can be made in real-time and appear almost instantly online, but this feature facilitates abuse of the system. Private wiki servers require user authentication to edit pages, and sometimes even to read them. Maged N. Kamel Boulos, Cito Maramba, and Steve Wheeler write that the open wikis produce a process of Social Darwinism. "... because of the openness and rapidity that wiki pages can be edited, the pages undergo an evolutionary selection process, not unlike that which nature subjects to living organisms. 'Unfit' sentences and sections are ruthlessly culled, edited and replaced if they are not considered 'fit', which hopefully results in the evolution of a higher quality and more relevant page."

Editing
Source editing
Some wikis have an Edit button or link directly on the page being viewed if the user has permission to edit the page. This can lead to a text-based editing page where participants can structure and format wiki pages with a simplified markup language, sometimes known as wikitext, wiki markup or wikicode (it can also lead to a WYSIWYG editing page; see the paragraph after the table below). For example, starting lines of text with asterisks could create a bulleted list. The style and syntax of wikitexts can vary greatly among wiki implementations, some of which also allow HTML tags.

Layout consistency
Wikis have favored plain-text editing, with fewer and simpler conventions than HTML for indicating style and structure. Although limiting access to HTML and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) of wikis limits user ability to alter the structure and formatting of wiki content, there are some benefits. Limited access to CSS promotes consistency in the look and feel, and having JavaScript disabled prevents a user from implementing code that may limit other users' access.

Basic syntax
Visual editing
Wikis can also make WYSIWYG editing available to users, usually through a JavaScript control that translates graphically entered formatting instructions into the corresponding HTML tags or wikitext. In those implementations, the markup of a newly edited, marked-up version of the page is generated and submitted to the server transparently, shielding the user from this technical detail. An example of this is the VisualEditor on Wikipedia. WYSIWYG controls do not, however, always provide all the features available in wikitext, and some users prefer not to use a WYSIWYG editor. Hence, many of these sites offer some means to edit the wikitext directly.

Version history
Some wikis keep a record of changes made to wiki pages; often, every version of the page is stored. This means that authors can revert to an older version of the page should it be necessary because a mistake has been made, such as the content accidentally being deleted or the page has been vandalized to include offensive or malicious text or other inappropriate content.

Edit summary
Many wiki implementations, such as MediaWiki, the software that powers Wikipedia, allow users to supply an edit summary when they edit a page. This is a short piece of text summarizing the changes they have made (e.g. "Corrected grammar," or "Fixed formatting in table."). It is not inserted into the article's main text but is stored along with that revision of the page, allowing users to explain what has been done and why. This is similar to a log message when making changes in a revision-control system. This enables other users to see which changes have been made by whom and why, often in a list of summaries, dates and other short, relevant content, a list which is called a "log" or "history."

Navigation
Within the text of most pages, there are usually many hypertext links to other pages within the wiki. This form of non-linear navigation is more "native" to a wiki than structured/formalized navigation schemes. Users can also create any number of index or table-of-contents pages, with hierarchical categorization or whatever form of organization they like. These may be challenging to maintain "by hand", as multiple authors and users may create and delete pages in an ad hoc, unorganized manner. Wikis can provide one or more ways to categorize or tag pages to support the maintenance of such index pages. Some wikis, including the original, have a backlink feature, which displays all pages that link to a given page. It is also typically possible in a wiki to create links to pages that do not yet exist, as a way to invite others to share what they know about a subject new to the wiki. Wiki users can typically "tag" pages with categories or keywords, to make it easier for other users to find the article. For example, a user creating a new article on cold-weather biking might "tag" this page under the categories of commuting, winter sports and bicycling. This would make it easier for other users to find the article.

Linking and creating pages
Links are created using a specific syntax, the so-called "link pattern". Originally, most wikis used CamelCase to name pages and create links. These are produced by capitalizing words in a phrase and removing the spaces between them (the word "CamelCase" is itself an example). While CamelCase makes linking easy, it also leads to links in a form that deviates from the standard spelling. To link to a page with a single-word title, one must abnormally capitalize one of the letters in the word (e.g. "WiKi" instead of "Wiki"). CamelCase-based wikis are instantly recognizable because they have many links with names such as "TableOfContents" and "BeginnerQuestions." a wiki can render the visible anchor of such links "pretty" by reinserting spaces, and possibly also reverting to lower case. This reprocessing of the link to improve the readability of the anchor is, however, limited by the loss of capitalization information caused by CamelCase reversal. For example, "RichardWagner" should be rendered as "Richard Wagner", whereas "PopularMusic" should be rendered as "popular music". There is no easy way to determine which capital letters should remain capitalized. As a result, many wikis now have "free linking" using brackets, and some disable CamelCase by default.

Searching
Most wikis offer at least a title search, and sometimes a full-text search. The scalability of the search depends on whether the wiki engine uses a database. Some wikis, such as PmWiki, use flat files. MediaWiki's first versions used flat files, but it was rewritten by Lee Daniel Crocker in the early 2000s (decade) to be a database application. Indexed database access is necessary for high speed searches on large wikis. Alternatively, external search engines such as Google Search can sometimes be used on wikis with limited searching functions to obtain more precise results.

History
WikiWikiWeb was the first wiki. Ward Cunningham started developing WikiWikiWeb in Portland, Oregon, in 1994, and installed it on the Internet domain c2.com on March 25, 1995. It was named by Cunningham, who remembered a Honolulu International Airport counter employee telling him to take the "Wiki Wiki Shuttle" bus that runs between the airport's terminals. According to Cunningham, "I chose wiki-wiki as an alliterative substitute for 'quick' and thereby avoided naming this stuff quick-web."Cunningham was, in part, inspired by the Apple HyperCard, which he had used. HyperCard, however, was single-user. Apple had designed a system allowing users to create virtual "card stacks" supporting links among the various cards. Cunningham developed Vannevar Bush's ideas by allowing users to "comment on and change one another's text." Cunningham says his goals were to link together people's experiences to create a new literature to document programming patterns, and to harness people's natural desire to talk and tell stories with a technology that would feel comfortable to those not used to "authoring".Wikipedia became the most famous wiki site, launched in January 2001 and entering the top ten most popular websites in 2007. In the early 2000s (decade), wikis were increasingly adopted in enterprise as collaborative software. Common uses included project communication, intranets, and documentation, initially for technical users. Some companies use wikis as their only collaborative software and as a replacement for static intranets, and some schools and universities use wikis to enhance group learning. There may be greater use of wikis behind firewalls than on the public Internet. On March 15, 2007, the word wiki was listed in the online Oxford English Dictionary.

Alternative definitions
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the word "wiki" was used to refer to both user-editable websites and the software that powers them; the latter definition is still occasionally in use. Wiki inventor Ward Cunningham wrote in 2014 that the word "wiki" should not be used to refer to a single website, but rather to a mass of user-editable pages or sites so that a single website is not "a wiki" but "an instance of wiki". He wrote that the concept of wiki federation, in which the same content can be hosted and edited in more than one location in a manner similar to distributed version control, meant that the concept of a single discrete "wiki" no longer made sense.

Implementations
Wiki software is a type of collaborative software that runs a wiki system, allowing web pages to be created and edited using a common web browser. It may be implemented as a series of scripts behind an existing web server or as a standalone application server that runs on one or more web servers. The content is stored in a file system, and changes to the content are stored in a relational database management system. A commonly implemented software package is MediaWiki, which runs Wikipedia. Alternatively, personal wikis run as a standalone application on a single computer.
Wikis can also be created on a "wiki farm", where the server-side software is implemented by the wiki farm owner. Some wiki farms can also make private, password-protected wikis. Free wiki farms generally contain advertising on every page. For more information, see Comparison of wiki hosting services.

Trust and security
Controlling changes
Wikis are generally designed with the philosophy of making it easy to correct mistakes, rather than making it difficult to make them. Thus, while wikis are very open, they provide a means to verify the validity of recent additions to the body of pages. The most prominent, on almost every wiki, is the "Recent Changes" page—a specific list showing recent edits, or a list of edits made within a given time frame. Some wikis can filter the list to remove minor edits and edits made by automatic importing scripts ("bots"). From the change log, other functions are accessible in most wikis: the revision history shows previous page versions and the diff feature highlights the changes between two revisions. Using the revision history, an editor can view and restore a previous version of the article. This gives great power to the author to eliminate edits. The diff feature can be used to decide whether or not this is necessary. A regular wiki user can view the diff of an edit listed on the "Recent Changes" page and, if it is an unacceptable edit, consult the history, restoring a previous revision; this process is more or less streamlined, depending on the wiki software used.In case unacceptable edits are missed on the "recent changes" page, some wiki engines provide additional content control. It can be monitored to ensure that a page, or a set of pages, keeps its quality. A person willing to maintain pages will be warned of modifications to the pages, allowing them to verify the validity of new editions quickly. This can be seen as a very pro-author and anti-editor feature. A watchlist is a common implementation of this. Some wikis also implement "patrolled revisions", in which editors with the requisite credentials can mark some edits as not vandalism. A "flagged revisions" system can prevent edits from going live until they have been reviewed.

Trustworthiness and reliability of content
Critics of publicly editable wiki systems argue that these systems could be easily tampered with by malicious individuals ("vandals") or even by well-meaning but unskilled users who introduce errors into the content, while proponents maintain that the community of users can catch such malicious or erroneous content and correct it. Lars Aronsson, a data systems specialist, summarizes the controversy as follows: "Most people when they first learn about the wiki concept, assume that a Web site that can be edited by anybody would soon be rendered useless by destructive input. It sounds like offering free spray cans next to a grey concrete wall. The only likely outcome would be ugly graffiti and simple tagging and many artistic efforts would not be long lived. Still, it seems to work very well." High editorial standards in medicine and health sciences articles, in which users typically use peer-reviewed journals or university textbooks as sources, have led to the idea of expert-moderated wikis. Some wikis allow one to link to specific versions of articles, which has been useful to the scientific community, in that expert peer reviewers could analyse articles, improve them and provide links to the trusted version of that article. Noveck points out that "participants are accredited by members of the wiki community, who have a vested interest in preserving the quality of the work product, on the basis of their ongoing participation." On controversial topics that have been subject to disruptive editing, a wiki author may restrict editing to registered users.

Security
The open philosophy of wiki – allowing anyone to edit content – does not ensure that every editor's intentions are well-mannered. For example, vandalism (changing wiki content to something offensive, adding nonsense, maliciously removing encyclopedic content, or deliberately adding incorrect information, such as hoax information) can be a major problem. On larger wiki sites, such as those run by the Wikimedia Foundation, vandalism can go unnoticed for some period of time. Wikis, because of their open nature, are susceptible to intentional disruption, known as "trolling".
Wikis tend to take a soft-security approach to the problem of vandalism, making damage easy to undo rather than attempting to prevent damage. Larger wikis often employ sophisticated methods, such as bots that automatically identify and revert vandalism and JavaScript enhancements that show characters that have been added in each edit. In this way, vandalism can be limited to just "minor vandalism" or "sneaky vandalism", where the characters added/eliminated are so few that bots do not identify them and users do not pay much attention to them. An example of a bot that reverts vandalism on Wikipedia is ClueBot NG. ClueBot NG can revert edits, often within minutes, if not seconds. The bot uses machine learning in lieu of heuristics.The amount of vandalism a wiki receives depends on how open the wiki is. For instance, some wikis allow unregistered users, identified by their IP addresses, to edit content, while others limit this function to just registered users.Edit wars can also occur as users repetitively revert a page to the version they favor. In some cases, editors with opposing views of which content should appear or what formatting style should be used will change and re-change each other's edits. This results in the page being "unstable" from a general user's perspective, because each time a general user comes to the page, it may look different. Some wiki software allows an administrator to stop such edit wars by locking a page from further editing until a decision has been made on what version of the page would be most appropriate. Some wikis are in a better position than others to control behavior due to governance structures existing outside the wiki. For instance, a college teacher can create incentives for students to behave themselves on a class wiki they administer by limiting editing to logged-in users and pointing out that all contributions can be traced back to the contributors. Bad behavior can then be dealt with under university policies.

Potential malware vector
Malware can also be a problem for wikis, as users can add links to sites hosting malicious code. For example, a German Wikipedia article about the Blaster Worm was edited to include a hyperlink to a malicious website. Users of vulnerable Microsoft Windows systems who followed the link would be infected. A countermeasure is the use of software that prevents users from saving an edit that contains a link to a site listed on a blacklist of malicious sites.

Communities
Applications
The English Wikipedia has the largest user base among wikis on the World Wide Web and ranks in the top 10 among all Web sites in terms of traffic. Other large wikis include the WikiWikiWeb, Memory Alpha, Wikivoyage, and Susning.nu, a Swedish-language knowledge base. Medical and health-related wiki examples include Ganfyd, an online collaborative medical reference that is edited by medical professionals and invited non-medical experts. Many wiki communities are private, particularly within enterprises. They are often used as internal documentation for in-house systems and applications. Some companies use wikis to allow customers to help produce software documentation. A study of corporate wiki users found that they could be divided into "synthesizers" and "adders" of content. Synthesizers' frequency of contribution was affected more by their impact on other wiki users, while adders' contribution frequency was affected more by being able to accomplish their immediate work. From a study of thousands of wiki deployments, Jonathan Grudin concluded careful stakeholder analysis and education are crucial to successful wiki deployment.In 2005, the Gartner Group, noting the increasing popularity of wikis, estimated that they would become mainstream collaboration tools in at least 50% of companies by 2009. Wikis can be used for project management. Wikis have also been used in the academic community for sharing and dissemination of information across institutional and international boundaries. In those settings, they have been found useful for collaboration on grant writing, strategic planning, departmental documentation, and committee work. In the mid-2000s, the increasing trend among industries toward collaboration placed a heavier impetus upon educators to make students proficient in collaborative work, inspiring even greater interest in wikis being used in the classroom.Wikis have found some use within the legal profession and within the government. Examples include the Central Intelligence Agency's Intellipedia, designed to share and collect intelligence, DKospedia, which was used by the American Civil Liberties Union to assist with review of documents about the internment of detainees in Guantánamo Bay; and the wiki of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, used to post court rules and allow practitioners to comment and ask questions. The United States Patent and Trademark Office operates Peer-to-Patent, a wiki to allow the public to collaborate on finding prior art relevant to the examination of pending patent applications. Queens, New York has used a wiki to allow citizens to collaborate on the design and planning of a local park. Cornell Law School founded a wiki-based legal dictionary called Wex, whose growth has been hampered by restrictions on who can edit.In academic contexts, wikis have also been used as project collaboration and research support systems.

City wikis
A city wiki (or local wiki) is a wiki used as a knowledge base and social network for a specific geographical locale. The term 'city wiki' or its foreign language equivalent (e.g. German 'Stadtwiki') is sometimes also used for wikis that cover not just a city, but a small town or an entire region. A city wiki contains information about specific instances of things, ideas, people and places. Much of this information might not be appropriate for encyclopedias such as Wikipedia (e.g. articles on every retail outlet in a town), but might be appropriate for a wiki with more localized content and viewers. A city wiki could also contain information about the following subjects, that may or may not be appropriate for a general knowledge wiki, such as:

Details of public establishments such as public houses, bars, accommodation or social centers
Owner name, opening hours and statistics for a specific shop
Statistical information about a specific road in a city
Flavors of ice cream served at a local ice cream parlor
A biography of a local mayor and other persons

WikiNodes
WikiNodes are pages on wikis that describe related wikis. They are usually organized as neighbors and delegates. A neighbor wiki is simply a wiki that may discuss similar content or may otherwise be of interest. A delegate wiki is a wiki that agrees to have certain content delegated to that wiki. One way of finding a wiki on a specific subject is to follow the wiki-node network from wiki to wiki; another is to take a Wiki "bus tour", for example: Wikipedia's Tour Bus Stop.

Participants
The four basic types of users who participate in wikis are reader, author, wiki administrator and system administrator. The system administrator is responsible for the installation and maintenance of the wiki engine and the container web server. The wiki administrator maintains wiki content and is provided additional functions about pages (e.g. page protection and deletion), and can adjust users' access rights by, for instance, blocking them from editing.

Growth factors
A study of several hundred wikis showed that a relatively high number of administrators for a given content size is likely to reduce growth; that access controls restricting editing to registered users tends to reduce growth; that a lack of such access controls tends to fuel new user registration; and that higher administration ratios (i.e. admins/user) have no significant effect on content or population growth.

Conferences
Active conferences and meetings about wiki-related topics include:

Atlassian Summit, an annual conference for users of Atlassian software, including Confluence.
OpenSym (called WikiSym until 2014), an academic conference dedicated to research about wikis and open collaboration.
SMWCon, a bi-annual conference for users and developers of Semantic MediaWiki.
TikiFest, a frequently held meeting for users and developers of Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware.
Wikimania, an annual conference dedicated to the research and practice of Wikimedia Foundation projects like Wikipedia.Former wiki-related events include:

RecentChangesCamp (2006–2012), an unconference on wiki-related topics.
RegioWikiCamp (2009–2013), a semi-annual unconference on "regiowikis", or wikis on cities and other geographic areas.

Legal environment
Joint authorship of articles, in which different users participate in correcting, editing, and compiling the finished product, can also cause editors to become tenants in common of the copyright, making it impossible to republish without permission of all co-owners, some of whose identities may be unknown due to pseudonymous or anonymous editing. Where persons contribute to a collective work such as an encyclopedia, there is, however, no joint ownership if the contributions are separate and distinguishable. Despite most wikis' tracking of individual contributions, the action of contributing to a wiki page is still arguably one of jointly correcting, editing, or compiling, which would give rise to joint ownership. Some copyright issues can be alleviated through the use of an open content license. Version 2 of the GNU Free Documentation License includes a specific provision for wiki relicensing; Creative Commons licenses are also popular. When no license is specified, an implied license to read and add content to a wiki may be deemed to exist on the grounds of business necessity and the inherent nature of a wiki, although the legal basis for such an implied license may not exist in all circumstances.Wikis and their users can be held liable for certain activities that occur on the wiki. If a wiki owner displays indifference and forgoes controls (such as banning copyright infringers) that he could have exercised to stop copyright infringement, he may be deemed to have authorized infringement, especially if the wiki is primarily used to infringe copyrights or obtains a direct financial benefit, such as advertising revenue, from infringing activities. In the United States, wikis may benefit from Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which protects sites that engage in "Good Samaritan" policing of harmful material, with no requirement on the quality or quantity of such self-policing. It has also been argued, however, that a wiki's enforcement of certain rules, such as anti-bias, verifiability, reliable sourcing, and no-original-research policies, could pose legal risks. When defamation occurs on a wiki, theoretically, all users of the wiki can be held liable, because any of them had the ability to remove or amend the defamatory material from the "publication." It remains to be seen whether wikis will be regarded as more akin to an internet service provider, which is generally not held liable due to its lack of control over publications' contents, than a publisher. It has been recommended that trademark owners monitor what information is presented about their trademarks on wikis, since courts may use such content as evidence pertaining to public perceptions. Joshua Jarvis notes, "Once misinformation is identified, the trademark owner can simply edit the entry."

See also
Notes
References
Further reading
External links

Wiki at Curlie
Exploring with Wiki, an interview with Ward Cunningham by Bill Verners
WikiIndex and WikiApiary, directories of wikis
WikiMatrix, a website for comparing wiki software and hosts
WikiTeam, a volunteer group to preserve wikis associated with Archive Team
Murphy, Paula (April 2006). Topsy-turvy World of Wiki. University of California.
Ward Cunningham's correspondence with etymologistsSir Frederick James Halliday  (25 December 1806 – 22 October 1901) was a British civil servant and the first Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal.

Early life and career
Frederick James Halliday was born on 25 December 1806 at Ewell, Surrey. According to the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, he was educated at Rugby School. However, a 1901 publication says that, although he went to Rugby in 1814, he entered St Paul's School, London in 1815, spent seven years there and thus "he may fairly be claimed as a Scholar of St. Paul's." This is also the opinion of a historian of St. Paul's, Michael McDonnell, who notes that Halliday was sent to Rugby to be under the influence of its head master, John Sleath, and moved to St. Paul's as a consequence of Sleath being appointed as High Master there. Subsequently, he attended the East India College in Haileybury, before joining the Bengal civil service in 1824. He attended Fort William College in Calcutta, where he was taught by I. C. Vidyasagar. His first office in the civil service was as an assistant working for the supreme court in 1825.Halliday had become secretary to the Board of Revenue by 1836 and was appointed Home Secretary for the Government of India in 1849. He took a period of leave in England between July 1852 and November 1853, although he was frequently called upon to provide information to Parliament during that time.

Lieutenant-governor
Around May 1854, Halliday was appointed as the first Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal. He took up residence at Belvedere House, the former home of Warren Hastings in Calcutta. Prior to that time the region had been overseen by the governor-general, and by a deputy-governor when the former was away. The deputies were appointed more on the basis of seniority than of merit. It had been recognised for some time that continued territorial acquisitions, which involved disparate populations and regions, both necessitated different administrative approaches and were causing the governor-general to be more frequently away from the area. The Marquess of Dalhousie, who was governor-general between 1847 and 1856, took the opportunity presented by the renewal of the East India Company's charter to reorganise affairs. It was anticipated that the appointment of Halliday would result in significant improvements to the administration of Bengal, and this proved to be the case because he had gained considerable administrative experience by this time.

Among his achievements was the building of numerous roads that linked various towns. He also enabled much progress in the construction of the East Indian Railway. Both of these were seen by Halliday as necessities, for he recognised that speedy and accurate communication was a prerequisite for efficient administration. He introduced the Calcutta Municipal Act, enacted reforms of the police service (including better pay), tightened supervision of the inefficient justice system and increased the number of its officials. Arrangements were also introduced to limit civil disturbances and disruption by, for example, creating a force of military police. Although Bengal was on the periphery of events relating to the Indian rebellion of 1857, and Halliday was commended for his successes in dealing with civil unrest, he provided advice to Lord Canning, the governor-general, regarding how to deal with the rebellion elsewhere. He had past experience of uprisings, including one that had occurred at Santal in 1855, soon after his appointment to office.Aside from his administrative reforms, Halliday was also active in pursuit of social change. While serving as a magistrate in Hooghly district in 1829, he had witnessed the last legal sati (ritual burning of a widow) in Bengal, and as lieutenant-governor he sought to enforce the anti-sati legislation that had been enacted soon after. He was also involved in enabling the Widow Remarriage Act to facilitate the remarriage of Hindu widows, that piece of legislation being a consequence of agitation by, among others, his former mentor, Vidyasagar. Indeed, Vidyasagar enjoyed a close relationship to Halliday during the 1850s, and this helped achieve changes in other social policy spheres, such as education. Halliday was an enthusiastic supporter of the despatch on education formulated by Charles Wood in 1854, and as a consequence various measures were implemented. These included the establishment of director of public instruction for the region and the incorporation of the University of Calcutta.Halliday left the office of lieutenant-governor in May 1859. He had generally enjoyed the support of the governor-general during his tenure but he did antagonise some people within the official circles of the Indian government. Most notably, he had a long-running dispute with William Tayler, whom he considered to be incompetent. Halliday eventually removed Tayler from his position as Commissioner of Patna, following what Halliday considered to be a poor decision made by Tayler. This ultimately caused Tayler to resign and to bear a resentment that persisted until he died in 1892 and caused him publicly to seek redress for Halliday's actions.

Subsequent life
In 1860 Halliday was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath. He served as a Member of the Council of India from 1868 to 1886.Halliday, who had a lifelong interest in music, was a player of the contrabass and from this acquired the nickname of "Big Fiddle". He married Eliza Barbara Macgregor, the daughter of an officer in the army of the East India Company, on 25 December 1834. She predeceased him, in 1886, having borne several children, one of whom — George Thomas Halliday — was later a Lieutenant-General in the Bengal Cavalry.He died, aged 95, on 22 October 1901 and is buried in Brompton Cemetery, London.His younger brother was General John Gustavus Halliday (1822–1917), and his grandson, Hastings Hadley D'Oyly (whom Clare Anderson thinks was probably named after Warren Hastings) was a member of the family of D'Oyly baronets.

See also
List of Governors of Bengal

References
Further reading
Buckland, Charles Edward (1901). Bengal Under The Lieutenant-Governors. Vol. 1. Calcutta: S. K. Lahiri & Co. pp. 1–162.The Southwold Earthworks is the remains of a pre-contact village site of the Neutral people, occupied about AD 1450 to 1550. The entrance to the site is located on Iona Road, approximately three kilometres south of Iona Ontario, Canada. A double oval ring of raised earthworks surrounds the remains of the village.

Background
Occupied between AD 1450 and 1550, it is located in southwestern Ontario in rural Elgin County, near the banks of a tributary of Talbot Creek, approximately 20 km west of St. Thomas, Ontario. Archaeological investigations have indicated the presence at one time of eighteen longhouses of various sizes within the village, with an estimated population of 800-900 people. These native inhabitants were the Attiwandaronk (Attarawandon) Indians, an Iroquoian-speaking people called the Neutrals by the French colonists. An open area in the centre of the community appears to have provided a common activity area or meeting place. The archaeological interpretation concludes that Southwold was a typical pre-contact Neutral village, palisaded for defensive purposes. 
The site consists of an oval ring of earthworks enclosing archaeological remains of a double palisade and village, which may have included up to 24 longhouses. Estimated to have originally been about 0.8 hectares (2 acres) in size, the village was surrounded by a double ring of earthworks, which served as the foundation for a double ring of upright pickets or palisades, which completely circled the village. The main entrance was believed to have been located at the northeast corner of the earthworks. Two other openings, one on the northwest and one in the southern section of the perimeter, permitted a small stream to flow between the rows of palisades.

Heritage recognition
The Southwold Earthworks was one of the first sites considered for official recognition by the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923 and was purchased by the Canadian federal government in 1929.

Archaeological investigations
Two major archaeological investigations were conducted at Southwold Earthworks, in 1935 during the Great Depression and in
1976. Oral tradition within the local Oneida community recounts that Southwold was used as a ceremonial site, which was enclosed by the palisade so that activities taking place within the village were screened from the view of people outside the wall. According to the same oral tradition, the site would have been occupied not as a year-round village, but as a seasonal place of pilgrimage. The palisade was not defensive in nature, but protected a center for healing and purification rituals. 
Archaeologists found the site atypical of Neutral villages of the period: it is located on flat land with no natural defensive advantages and, despite the presence of apparent fortifications, it contains no evidence of ever having been attacked. Although archaeological estimates of site population were that about 800 people could have lived there, the site has little evidence of the refuse and garbage of occupation.

References
Further reading
Jury, Wilfrid (December 1946). "Southwold Prehistoric Earthworks". Canadian Historical Review. University of Toronto Press. 27 (4): 391–393.

External links
"Southwold Earthworks National Historic Site of Canada", Parks Canada
Southwold Earthworks National Historic Site of Canada Management Plan, February 2007
A Forgotten People: The Flint Workers, William R. Harris, 1896
Earthworks, David BoyleZhang Kangkang (born as Zhang Kangmei, July 3, 1950, Hangzhou) is a Chinese female writer.

Background
She was born into a family of Communist intellectuals (her first name Kang-Kang means "resistance-resistance"), and belongs to the generation that was deeply affected by the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
She was one of the "educated city youths" who were  sent to remote countryside to be "re-educated by the poor and lower-middle class peasants". They were destined to spend their lives as "peasants of a new type with a socialist consciousness".
At the age of nineteen, she was sent to the "Great Northern Wilderness", deep in Manchuria, where she faced a life of extreme harshness, marked by deprivation and bullying by the party cadres assigned to re-educate the new arrivals.
It wasn't until the death of Mao that she was finally allowed, after eight years, to come back to the city. She then resumed her studies and, in 1979, publishing her first significant work, The Right to Love. The book is a reflection on freedom, and resistance to the forces that oppress the individual.
She is married to fellow writer Jiang Rong, who attained international fame with his 2004 novel Wolf Totem.

Works
The Boundary Line (1975)
'The Right to Love' (1979)
'Summer' (1981)
The Pale Mists of Dawn (1980)
Aurora Borealis (1981)
'The Wasted Years'. Translated in Seven Contemporary Chinese Women Writers
Selected Works about Educated Youth. (Includes stories 'The Peony Garden', 'Cruelty' and 'Sandstorm')
'The Tolling of a Distant Bell'. Translated by Daniel Bryant in Bulletin of Concerned Asian Scholars 16.3 (1984): 44-51, and Contemporary Chinese Literature (see below): 98-105
Northern Lights. Chapter 7 translated by Daniel Bryant in Chinese Literature, Winter 1988, pp. 92–102.
The Invisible Companion. Transl. by Daniel Bryant. Peking: New World Press, 1996.
'The Peony Garden'. Translated by Daniel Bryant, Renditions 58 (2002): 127-39.

References
Further reading
Richard King (ed. 2003) Living With Their Past: Post-Urban Youth Fiction. Hong Kong: Renditions Paperbacks, Research Center for Translation, Chinese University of Hong Kong. 2003. ISBN 962-7255-26-2
Daniel Bryant (1989) Making it Happen: Aspects of Narrative Method in Zhang Kangkang’s ‘Northern Lights’. In Modern Chinese Women Writers: Critical Appraisals, ed. Michael Duke, Armonk, N.Y.: M.E.Sharpe, 1989, pp. 112–34.
Contemporary Chinese Literature: an Anthology of Post-Mao Fiction and Poetry, ed. Michael Duke, Armonk: M. E. Sharpe, 1985

External links
Profile on china.org.cn
Brief profile on renditions.org
Excerpts from 'Cruelty' (transl. Richard King)Albaranzeuli nero is a red Italian wine grape variety that is primarily found in Sardinia. The grape is often confused with the red Sardinian grape Girò which is believed to be a parent variety of the white grape Albaranzeuli bianco. However recent DNA profiling has not established a direct link between Albaranzeuli nero and either Girò or Albaranzeuli bianco.

History
Ampelographers use to believe that the grape was originally Spanish in origin and was introduced to the island when it was ruled by the Crown of Aragon. The hypothesis was bolstered by the grape's Spanish name and its association with Albaranzeuli Bianco which has also been theorized to have had Spanish origins.

Viticulture
The annual growth cycle of Albaranzeuli nero is characterized by its mid-season budding and its late-season ripening. The vine produces reddish-pink medium-sized berries with very thin skins.

Wine regions
As of a 2000 census there were only 42 hectares (104 acres) of Albaranzeuli nero planted, most of it in the Nuoro province in northeastern Sardinia. Here it is used to produce mostly dry rosés characterized by moderate acidity and alcohol levels.

Synonyms
Over the years Albaranzeuli nero has been known under a variety of synonyms including Albarenzelin nero, Alvaranzeuli nero and Alvarenzelin nero.


Kegon Falls (華厳滝, Kegon no Taki) is located at Lake Chūzenji (source of the Oshiri River) in Nikkō National Park near the city of Nikkō, Tochigi Prefecture,  Japan. The falls were formed when the Daiya River was rerouted by lava flows. The main falls had a height of approximately 97 metres (318 ft) and about twelve smaller waterfalls are situated behind and to the sides of Kegon Falls, leaking through the many cracks between the mountain and the lava flows.
In the autumn, the traffic on the road from Nikko to Chūzenji can sometimes slow to a crawl as visitors come to see the fall colors.
In 1927, the Kegon Falls was recognized as one of the "Eight Views" which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period. It is also listed as one of the "Japan’s Top 100 Waterfalls", in a listing published by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment in 1990.
The Kegon Falls are infamous for suicides, especially among Japanese youth.

Suicides
Misao Fujimura (1886 – May 22, 1903), a Japanese philosophy student and poet, is largely remembered due to his farewell poem written directly on the trunk of a tree before committing suicide by jumping from the Kegon Falls.
The story was soon sensationalized in contemporary newspapers and was commented upon by the famed writer Natsume Sōseki. This led the famed scenic falls to become a notorious spot for lovetorn or otherwise desperate youngsters to take their lives (Werther Effect).

References
土門公記（Domon Kouki）: 藤村操の手紙－華厳の滝に眠る16歳のメッセージ. Shimotsuke Shimbunsha, 2002, ISBN 4-88286-175-5

External links
A trip to Kegon Falls with fall colours
Tourism website for Kegon Falls (in Japanese)
Why 200 people committed suicide near the Kegon Falls? An article about the history of the Falls and it's dark side of suicides.天使想 (py. Tiānshǐ Xiǎng, jp. Tenshi Sou, en. Angel Dreaming) is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu, released April 10, 1996 on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was her first full-length album, and was later reprinted, with two extra tracks, as 想 New Edition in 1998.
Although it was her first album, it is not sung in her native language, but in Japanese. Half of the tracks are from her first two singles, and the other half are originals.

Track listing
くちびるの神話 – 4:51
100カラットの涙 (Angelic Version) – 4:48
一千一秒の秘密 (Xiang Remix) – 4:30
忘れたい忘れたくない – 4:53
ついてゆきたい – 4:18
共犯者 – 4:38
月影で抱きしめて – 4:22
海ほおずき – 4:28


== Release details ==Edward MacKnight Brawley (March 18, 1851 – January 13, 1923) was an American educator and minister in North Carolina and South Carolina. He was the first African American to attend Bucknell University. He was an important figure in the development of the African-American church in South Carolina and the American southeast and helped found numerous churches and schools, including the Benedict Institute and Morris College. He served as president at Morris and, earlier, at Selma University. Later in his career he was a professor at Shaw University. He was also a prominent pastor at numerous churches and an important figure in civil rights and religious affairs.

Early life
Edward MacKnight Brawley was born a freeman on March 18, 1851, in Charleston, South Carolina. His parents were James M. and Ann L. Vaughn. He began his education about the age of four when a private tutor taught him to read and prepared him for school. He attended school until 1859 or 1860, when his school for black children closed in response to John Brown's raid. In 1861, Brawley's parents sent him to Philadelphia to attend school. He first attended a grammar school, and after three years entered the Institute for Colored Youth led by Ebenezer D. Bassett, where he attended until 1866. In April 1865 he was baptized into the Baptist church and became involved in Sunday Schools and made plans for the ministry. He then returned to Charleston and apprenticed to be a shoemaker in 1869, but in fall 1870 he enrolled at Howard University as the schools first regularly enrolled theology student. After three months he left Howard and in January 1871 he enrolled in the preparatory department of Bucknell University in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, the schools first African-American student. This move was at the advice of Rev. B. Griffith and Brawley received a scholarship from his wife. He also funded his education through teaching vocal music and preaching during the summers. In the fall he finished his preparation and enrolled in the University, graduating June 30, 1875. He was granted an A. M. from Bucknell in 1878, and an honorary D. D. from Simmons College of Kentucky in May 1885.

Early religious career
In 1873 he was licensed to preach by the white Baptist church in Lewisburg and on July 1, 1875, he was ordained in this church and commissioned by the American Baptist Publication Society as missionary for South Carolina. Finding a lack of Sunday schools in the area, he organized Sunday school organizations and in May 1877, formed these bodies into a state Sunday School Convention, of which he became corresponding secretary and financial agent, working closely with Isaac P. Brockenton. Among his success was securing funding for the Benedict Institute and working to open missions in Africa, which resulted in the notable missionary work of Harrison N. Bouey. During this period and later he was frequently an invited and well-received speaker at the annual national convention of the American Baptist Publication Societies. After eight years, he resigned in ill health and took six months of vacation. During those eight years he helped found 550 Baptist churches in South Carolina with 350 preachers and nearly 100,000 members. In 1882, Brawley clashed with Benedict Institute president Charles E. Becker. Brawley pushed Becker and the institute to hire more black teachers and institute a local board of trustees, challenging Becker's authority.

Marriage and children
In January 1877 he married Mary W. Warrick of Virginia. During that year the couple had a child, but by December both mother and child died. In December 1879 he married Margaret Sophronia Dickerson of Columbia, South Carolina, and the couple had nine children, including Benjamin Griffith Brawley, Mrs. A. R. Stewart, J. Loomis Browley, F. Fustin Brawley, Edgar L. Brawley, and Mrs. L. S. Gaillard.

Early academic career
In October 1883, he took the position of president of Alabama Baptist Normal and Theological School, whose name was changed to Selma University, succeeding William H. McAlpine. He was well loved as a president and gave half of his salary to aide poor students. He also founded the Alabama Baptist Women's Convention to provide monetary support to the school. After three years, his second wife's health began to fail and he resigned from Selma and returned to South Carolina. He was succeeded by Charles L. Purce.

Later religious career
In January 1887, he began to publish the weekly paper, the Baptist Tribune and was district secretary for the south for the American Baptist Publication Society, a position he resigned in 1890 to become pastor of the First Baptist Church in Petersburg, Virginia. In 1890 he published a collection of works titled, The Negro Baptist Pulpit: A Collection of Sermons and Papers by Colored Baptist Ministers. The work included 28 essays, including by Mary Virginia Cook Parrish, Richard DeBaptiste, Shortly after he resigned his pastorate to resume work for the Society. In 1899, Bramley was a pastor of a church in Darien, Georgia when the city was hit by a race riot. Bramley was outspoken in calls for peace and in the innocence of the black people imprisoned in the event's aftermath. By 1902, he was Editorial Secretary of the National Baptist Publishing Board.During his career, he was pastor of many churches, including Tabernacle Baptist Church in Selma, Alabama, Springfield Baptist Church in Greenville, South Carolina, Harrison Street Baptist Church in Palatka, Florida, First Baptist Church in Fernandina, Florida, and White Rock Baptist Church in Durham, North Carolina. He also held aforementioned pastorates in Darien, Georgia and Petersburg, Virginia. His position at White Rock in Durham was from 1912 to 1920. Other than The Negro Baptist Pulpit, he wrote many other books, pamphlets and tracts.

Later academic career
In 1908, with the help of Brawley, Morris College was founded in Sumter, South Carolina, and in April 1911, the school was incorporated. Brawley was hired to serve as the school's first president. He was later professor of Evangelism and Old Testament Literature at Shaw University in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Death and legacy
Brawley died on January 13, 1923, in Raleigh, North Carolina, and was buried in Durham, North Carolina. At the time of his death he was a professor at Shaw.Bucknell currently offers a scholarship named for Brawley.


Underplayed is a 2020 Canadian documentary film, directed by Stacey Lee. The film profiles various women in electronic music, centring in large part on their struggles to be taken as seriously as male counterparts during the 2019 music festival season due to continued gender inequality in the music business.Artists profiled in the film include Rezz, Nervo, Nightwave, Sherelle, Tygapaw, Tokimonsta and Alison Wonderland. It also contextualizes the broader history of women in electronic music, including information about pioneers such as Delia Derbyshire, Suzanne Ciani and Daphne Oram.The film premiered on April 15, 2020, at the Tribeca Film Festival, and had its Canadian premiere at the 2020 Toronto International Film Festival on September 19. Its Toronto screening, at Ontario Place's OLG Play stage, was followed by a DJ set by Rezz.The film was added to Crave's streaming service in March 2021.

References
External links
Underplayed at IMDbThe legislative districts of Cebu City are the representations of the highly urbanized city of Cebu in the various national legislatures of the Philippines. The city is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines through its first and second congressional districts.

History
What is now Cebu City initially formed part of the second district of Cebu province in 1907. When seats for the upper house of the Philippine Legislature were elected from territory-based districts between 1916 and 1935, the then-municipality of Cebu formed part of the tenth senatorial district which elected two out of the 24-member senate. When the municipality of Cebu was converted into a chartered city in 1936, the city remained within the second district of Cebu province.
In the disruption caused by the Second World War, two delegates represented the chartered city (separately from the province) in the National Assembly of the Japanese-sponsored Second Philippine Republic: one was the city mayor (an ex officio member), while the other was elected through an assembly of KALIBAPI members within the city during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines. Upon the restoration of the Philippine Commonwealth in 1945, the city's representation reverted to the second district of Cebu province, of which it remained a part until 1972.
Cebu City was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa as part of Region VII from 1978 to 1984. After becoming a highly urbanized city in 1979 by virtue of Batas Pambansa Blg. 51, Cebu City elected two representatives, at large, to the Regular Batasang Pambansa in the 1984 elections.
Cebu City was reapportioned into two congressional districts under the new Constitution which was proclaimed on February 11, 1987. The two districts elected members to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year.

1st District (North District)
Barangays: Adlaon, Agsungot, Apas, Bacayan, Banilad, Binaliw, Budla-an, Busay, Cambinocot, Camputhaw, Capitol Site, Carreta, Central (Santo Niño), Cogon Ramos, Day-as, Ermita, Guba, Hipodromo, Kalubihan, Kamagayan, Kasambagan, Lahug, Lorega San Miguel, Lusaran, Luz, Mabini, Mabolo Proper, Malubog, Pahina Central, Parian, Paril, Pit-os, Pulangbato, Sambag I, Sambag II, San Antonio, San Jose, San Roque, Sirao, Santa Cruz, T. Padilla, Talamban, Taptap, Tejero, Tinago, Zapatera
Population (2015): 396,099Notes

2nd District (South District)
Barangays: Babag, Basak Pardo, Basak San Nicolas, Bonbon, Buhisan, Bulacao, Buot-Taup, Calamba, Cogon Pardo, Duljo, Guadalupe, Inayawan, Kalunasan, Kinasang-an, Labangon, Mambaling, Pahina San Nicolas, Pamutan, Pasil, Poblacion Pardo, Pung-ol Sibugay, Punta Princesa, Quiot, San Nicolas Proper, Sapangdaku, Sawang Calero, Sinsin, Suba, Sudlon I, Sudlon II, Tabunan, Tagbao, Tisa, Toong
Population (2015): 526,512Notes

At-large (defunct)
1943–1944
1984–1986
See also
Legislative districts of Cebu


Adeline Marie Russell, Duchess of Bedford,  (née Somers-Cocks; 24 September 1852 – 12 April 1920) was a British advocate for penal reform. She led the European War Fund that cared for the wounded of the First World War.

Life
Lady Adeline Marie Somers was born in 1852 to Virginia (Pattle) and Charles Somers-Cocks, Viscount Eastnor. Her grandfather died just 12 days after her birth and her father succeeded as 3rd Earl Somers. Her mother was a sister of Julia Margaret Cameron, the British Victorian photographer. Julia Stephen, Virginia Woolf's mother, was her first cousin (she was the daughter of Maria Theodosia "Mia" Jackson whose maiden name was Pattle). She was educated at home with the curriculum set by her mother.She became Adeline Russell after she married George Sackville Russell on 24 October 1876. In 1882 Virginia Woolf was born and her mother gave her the first name of Adeline after Russell.  She became the Duchess of Bedford in 1891, when George became the 10th Duke of Bedford. She was always a philanthropist as this kind of work was available to women. She worked with the Associated Workers' League and worked on a scheme to support poor women and prostitutes around Victoria Station in London.
For 20 years, she was visiting prisons until in 1913 she came to notice after she was shocked by a report in the papers about the mistreatment of political prisoners in Portugal. She confirmed the facts and went to Lisbon to find out more. Her reports gathered together the political parties and within a year the Portuguese had released their prisoners and Adeline was seen as the catalyst. Shortly after this war broke out.During the first World War she was Chair of the European War Fund. The fund had been created by the Ambulance Department of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and the Red cross. She worked tirelessly for the wounded and she made numerous visits to the Western Front to inspect conditions and to interview the wounded soldiers. She was disappointed to find that all the soldiers reported on their failure to take new ground. For this she was appointed Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (military division) in 1919. She was appointed a Lady of Grace of the Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem in England (L.St.J.) on 13 August 1902.She was also noted for her role as an advocate for penal reform. After the war she continued to work for those wounded in the war and she died of heart failure in 1920 after suffering from influenza. She had no children and was buried in the churchyard at Chenies, Buckinghamshire.

References
External links
Adeline Marie Russell, Duchess of Bedford at Find a Grave