Joming Jaycee Chan (Chinese: 房祖名, born 3 December 1982), known professionally as Jaycee Chan, is an Hong Kong-Taiwanese singer and actor. In 2004, he released his first Mandarin CD album in Hong Kong. He later went to Taiwan to continue his music career. He is the son of Hong Kong-born Chinese actor and martial artist Jackie Chan along with Taiwanese actress Joan Lin. He sings and performs in Mandarin and Cantonese.
In 2014, Chan was arrested and jailed for the possession and distribution of marijuana, and for accommodating drug users at his apartment in Beijing. Chan was sentenced to six months in state prison, and served out his full sentence behind bars.

Early life and education
Jaycee was born on 3 December 1982 in Los Angeles, California, United States, the son of Taiwanese actress Joan Lin and Hong Kong-born Chinese martial arts star Jackie Chan. Sources, including Jackie Chan's autobiography, state that he was born in 1984 and that his parents were married in 1983. On the other hand, Jackie's official website states that Chan was born in 1982.
Jaycee briefly attended the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, for two semesters, but did not graduate. He has a penchant for luxury cars and nightlife and stated that he left school because "all you can see in Virginia is sheep."Jaycee speaks English, Mandarin and Cantonese.

Career
Giving up on school, Jaycee moved to Hong Kong in 2003 to pursue his career. He composed the music and wrote the lyrics for 10 of the 13 tracks on his first CD, "Jaycee" (2004). His film debut was The Twins Effect II, in which his father had a cameo role. His second role was a Hong Kong romance film 2 Young, in which he co-starred with Hong Kong Cantopop singer Fiona Sit. They both worked together again on Break Up Club in 2010. In 2007, he co-starred alongside Nicholas Tse and Shawn Yue in Benny Chan's action film Invisible Target.
Despite heavy promotions and awards, his albums and movies have not been commercially successful. His film Double Trouble only grossed US$9,000 in Hong Kong in the first two weeks.In early 2009, Chinese websites reported that he has given up his United States citizenship in favor of Chinese citizenship to appeal to local audiences. He later confirmed this on his Instagram account shortly after Donald Trump was elected president.He voiced the younger version of his father's character Master Monkey in Secrets of the Furious Five. In addition, he voiced Master Crane in the Cantonese version of Kung Fu Panda and its sequel Kung Fu Panda 2.Jaycee and his father Jackie starred together in Jackie's 100th film, 1911. The team-up resulted in Jackie Chan's least profitable and worst reviewed film to date.To appeal to non-Chinese audiences, his studios hired Korean and Singaporean artists Jang Na-ra and Fann Wong to promote Jaycee's new film Whoever. The film was meant to satire Jaycee's life as a playboy from a famous father. Once again, the film was a box office disaster, not placing in the Chinese top ten, despite a government mandate requiring it to be played at half the nation's theaters. The studios decided not to release the film theatrically in Hong Kong and Taiwan.
In 2015, his father revealed that Jaycee had shown interest on writing a script for a sequel to CZ12 and will make the film "if it's right".

Arrest
On 18 August 2014, it was reported that Chan had been arrested on 14 August, by Beijing police due to drug possession, alongside Kai Ko, a Taiwanese actor. Public informants known as Chaoyang masses were credited for turning Chan in. Police later found more than 100 grams (3 ounces) of marijuana after searching Chan's apartment. While Ko was set to be released 14 days after his arrest, Chan faced criminal charges and sentences up to the death penalty or life imprisonment for allegedly hosting others to consume marijuana. Chan, whose father Jackie had been China's anti-drug goodwill ambassador since 2009, admitted to taking drugs for 8 years. Soon after, Jackie Chan made a public apology for his son's drug use. On 17 September 2014, Beijing Dongcheng procurator's office approved the formal arrest of Chan on suspicion of "accommodating drug users".Chan spent his 32nd birthday in custody with his mother stating that her son has borrowed more than a hundred books to read since he was detained. On 22 December 2014, four months after his arrest, Chan was indicted by Chinese authorities for sheltering other people to use drugs. His trial finally began on 9 January 2015 in Beijing, after spending 148 days in detention.  Chan was sentenced to six months in prison and fined 2,000 yuan (~US$320). Chan confessed that he broke the law and he should be punished for his actions and that he would not do it again. His parents did not attend their son's hearing although the elder Chan was reportedly in Beijing. His father repeatedly said that he will not use his connections to lighten his son's sentence.It was later revealed that during his detention, Chan wrote a three-page remorse letter to his mother in which he promised that he would not repeat his mistakes in the future.Chan was released from jail on 13 February during midnight hours. One day after his release, Chan held a conference in Beijing to make a public apology by saying that he had "no reason" and "no excuse" for his law breaking and his arrest had "a negative impact on society" and that it disappointed his supporters while causing losses for those who worked with him. In his four-minute speech, he promised that he would be a law-abiding citizen and while he still had plans to continue in the entertainment industry, he would focus on spending Chinese New Year with his parents. He stated that prison life was "harsh" and that his father did not use any connections to help ease his sentence. He extended a deep bow both before and after his speech.Before his arrest in August 2014, Jaycee was filming Monk Comes Down the Mountain. His role in the film was not credited due to his arrest.

Reception and public image
Chan is largely viewed as a spendthrift and "playboy" whose movies and music have not been met with commercial or critical success despite heavy promotion and support. In 2014, People's Daily ranked Chan as one of China's top "wastrel" fuerdai. Chan's arrest in 2014 severely affected his career, and he lost multi-million dollar endorsements and contracts from Adidas, Nivea, Yishion, Johnson & Johnson contact lenses, Stride gum, KFC, and Chevrolet.

Personal life
After Chan's release from prison, he lived with his mother in Taipei, keeping a low profile, and often wearing a mask to avoid being seen in public. Since 2020, he has relocated to Los Angeles.He has a younger half-sister named Etta Ng, who was born in 1999 due to his father's affair with former Hong Kong beauty queen, Elaine Ng. However, the half siblings are not known to have met.

Relationship with Jackie Chan
During an awards ceremony in Beijing in April 2011, Jackie stated that he would be donating half his money to charity when he dies, instead of to his son. Jackie explained, "If he is capable, he can make his own money. If he is not, then he will just be wasting my money."It was reported that he and his father, Jackie Chan have an estranged relationship with each other. After serving six months in jail, Jaycee met his father for the first time in Taiwan, and the two appeared to have reconciled. "I hadn't seen him for too long. I feel he's matured this time," Jackie Chan said. "We didn't talk about unhappy things. It was all family chat. We talked into the night and didn't sleep." Before leaving to do a promotion, he gave his son a haircut.

Filmography
Discography
References
External links
Jaycee Chan at IMDb
Jaycee Chan on Twitter
Jaycee Chan on Facebook
Jaycee Chan Instagram
Jaycee Chan PhotostagsNew Islington is a tram stop on the East Manchester Line (EML) and Zone 1 of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. The station opened on 11 February 2013, after a three-day free trial for local residents. The station was constructed as part of Phase 3a of the Metrolink's expansion, and is located in the New Islington area of Manchester, England. It was originally proposed to open with the name Pollard Street, being located at the junction Munday Street and Pollard Street.

Services
Services are mostly every 12 minutes on all routes.

Connecting bus routes
New Islington is directly served by a bus service, which is served by Stagecoach Manchester service 216, which replicates the Metrolink service to Droylsden before continuing to Ashton-under-Lyne, and Stagecoach service 231, which runs nearby to Ashton via Littlemoss and Smallshaw. Both services run to nearby Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester.

References
External links
New Islington Stop Information
New Islington area map
Light Rail Transit AssociationMiddle Huaxia Road (simplified Chinese: 华夏中路; traditional Chinese: 華夏中路; pinyin: Huáxià Zhōng Lù) is an interchange station on Lines 13 and 16 of the Shanghai Metro. It opened for passenger operations on 28 December 2014, with the extension of Line 16 from Luoshan Road to Longyang Road. On 30 December 2018, it became an interchange station with Line 13 when the phases 2 and 3 extensions of the line to Zhangjiang Road became operational.

Station Layout


Hind Nawfal (Arabic: هند نوفل, 1860–1920) was a Lebanese Antiochian Greek Orthodox journalist and feminist writer. She was the first woman in the Arab world and the broader MENA area to publish a women's magazine and an early promoter of feminism.

Family and background
Hind Nawfal was born in Tripoli, modern-day Lebanon. Her mother, Maryam al-Nahhas was born in Beirut and raised during the civil unrest and economic depression in Beirut before marrying Nawfal's father Nasim when she was 16 and he was 10 years her senior. Nasim Nawfal was from a Greek Orthodox family from Tripoli and raised Hind as a Christian.Nawal attended mission schools in Beirut until the family moved to escape the Ottoman censorship in Ottoman Syria and settled in Alexandria in the 1870s, where Hind attended a covenant school. During the reign of Khedive Isma'il Pasha, Egypt had abandoned its monopoly on publishing and from the time of the British occupation of Egypt in 1882 had also limited its censorship on the press. As the low and middle class began to invest in upper class literature, the number of printing presses had increased and thus the circulation of literary material as well.
Hind Nawfal was unique at the time in that she came from a household where both her mother and father were writers. Hind's mother, Maryam, completed a biographical dictionary, Ma’rid al-Hasna’ fi Tarajim Masharhir al-Nisa’ (The beautiful woman's exhibition for the biographies of female celebrities), of Eastern and Western women. She dedicated it to Princess Cheshmat Hanim, third wife of Isma’il, who sponsored its personification. Hind's father and uncle worked as journalists and translators in the Egyptian government. Her father would end up directing the office of Hind's magazine where her sister, Sarah, would also assist.

Al-Fatah
Nawfal started her journal, al-Fatah (The Young Woman), on 20 November 1892, at a time when there were a growing number of newspapers and scientific journals in circulation and also an increase in female readership. However, al-Fatah was the “first of its kind under the Eastern sky,” Nawfal said, in that it was a journal written for, by, and about women. Nawfal had intended to “adorn its pages with pearls from the pens of women.”In her first issue, she outlined her goals for the magazine, which included defending women's rights, expressing their views and drawing on their responsibility and duties. She subtitled the magazine “scientific, historical, literary, and humorous.” It would not however discuss politics and had “no aim in religious controversies.”Nawfal was inspired by women's periodicals abroad which had existed almost a century and a half earlier than when she first published hers. The magazine covered issues such as marriage, divorce, veiling, seclusion, education, work, domestic instruction and entertainment. It had publications that contained biographies of Western women like Queen Victoria or interesting facts pertaining to women like there are 252 female medical students in France along with 121 novelists, 280 poets, and 425 essayists. The magazine encouraged debate by discussing topics like the different standards of beauty that exist among different countries.
Sometimes, Nawfal would ask questions for readers to write in and answer. In her February 1893 issue, for example, she asked the question, “whose labor is more strenuous, men or women?” Thus al-Fatah became a forum for discussion and debate over women's roles.
To urge women's participation in al-Fatah, Nawfal emphasized that a woman who wrote in journals was “not compromising her modesty or violating her purity and good behavior.” Additionally Nawfal made an effort to acknowledge indigenous women of ages where women had been role models in society. She referenced Semiramis, an Assyrian queen, Bilquis, queen of Sheba, along with the women of the Pharaonic times, who for a “period of two thousand years showed extreme gentleness and refinement and demonstrated achievements and perfection which women of the West have not yet reached.” She did, however, discuss American and European female writers by saying that their writing had not compromised their societal status and, on the contrary, had earned them respect.

Legacy
Nawfal married Habib Dabbana in August 1893 who was a Syrian who worked in the legal section of the Ministry of Finance and stopped her journal to return to life of domesticity and philanthropy in 1894. Though al-Fatah only lasted two years, it was the first of the genre of Arab Feminist known as al-majallat al-nisa'iyya written by women, which reached almost 30 and coincided with the Egyptian Revolution of 1919. According to Nabila Ramdani, "al-Fatah is viewed as the first wholly feminist publication in a sizeable list of Arabic periodicals." Beth Baron states that, "The Arabic women's journals present us with a unique historical source and give us an opportunity to recover the voices of women so that we can balance other accounts of their lives with their own descriptions. Collectively the journals are one of the earliest troves of materials of this sort, for this was the first generation of women in the Arab world to write in numbers and to produce and publish their works as printed texts."


Several polling firms have conducted opinion polls during the term of the 53rd New Zealand Parliament (2020–present) for the next New Zealand general election. The regular polls are the quarterly polls produced by Television New Zealand (1 News) conducted by Kantar Public (formerly known as Colmar Brunton) and Discovery New Zealand (Newshub) conducted by Reid Research, along with monthly polls by Roy Morgan Research, and by Curia (Taxpayers' Union). The sample size, margin of error and confidence interval of each poll varies by organisation and date.
The current parliament was elected on 17 October 2020. The next general election must take place no later than 13 January 2024, however it is expected that the next election will take place in 2023.

Party vote
Nationwide polling
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed in bold, and the background shaded in the leading party's colour. The 'party lead' column shows the percentage-point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. In the instance of a tie, both figures are shaded and displayed in bold. Percentages may not add to 100 percent due to polls not reporting figures for all minor parties and due to rounding. Refusals are generally excluded from the party vote percentages, while question wording and the treatment of "don't know" responses and those not intending to vote may vary between survey organisations.
The parties shown in the table are Labour (LAB), National (NAT), Green (GRN), ACT, Māori (MRI), New Zealand First (NZF), Opportunities (TOP), and New Conservative (NCP). Other parties may have also registered in some polls, but are not listed in this table.

Private polling
These polls are typically unpublished and are used internally, conducted by Talbot Mills (previously called UMR; conducted for Labour) and Curia (conducted for the Taxpayers' Union, formerly for National). Although these polls are sometimes leaked or partially leaked, their methodology details are not publicly available. Publicly-released polls by these pollsters can be found in the above section.

Preferred prime minister
Some opinion pollsters ask voters who they would prefer as prime minister. The phrasing of questions and the treatment of refusals, as well as "don't know" answers, differ from poll to poll. To qualify for this table, this person must reach at least 3 percent in three separate polls. The table below includes private polls conducted by Talbot Mills (previously called UMR; conducted for Labour) and Curia (conducted for the Taxpayers' Union, formerly for National), which may be cherry-picked and therefore may not properly indicate ongoing trends.

Government approval rating
The government approval rating is a statistic which measures the proportion of people who say they think the country is heading in the right direction or wrong direction politically.

Forecasts
The use of mixed-member proportional representation allows ready conversion of a party's support into a party vote percentage and therefore a number of seats in Parliament. Projections generally assume no material change to the electorate seats held by each party (ACT retains Epsom, Greens retain Auckland Central, Māori retains Waiariki, etc.). Parties that do not hold an electorate seat and poll below 5% are assumed to win zero seats. 
When determining the scenarios for the overall result, the minimum parties necessary to form majority governments are listed (provided parties have indicated openness to working together). Actual governments formed may include other parties beyond the minimum required for a majority; this happened after the 2014 election, when National only needed one seat from another party to reach a 61-seat majority, but instead chose to form a 64-seat government with Māori, ACT and United Future.

See also
2020 New Zealand general election
Opinion polling for the 2020 New Zealand general election
Politics of New Zealand

Notes


Maurice Clarke (born 9 September 1981) is a Jamaican cricketer. He played in one first-class and five List A matches for the Jamaican cricket team from 2002 to 2005.

See also
List of Jamaican representative cricketers

References
External links
Maurice Clarke at ESPNcricinfoColonel Morgan Morgan (November 1, 1688 — November 17, 1766) was an American pioneer. He was thought to have founded the first permanent settlement in present-day West Virginia at Cool Spring Farm.

Biography
Early life
Little direct evidence of Morgan's early life and education have survived. His birth date seems to have been November 1st, 1688 because Morgans Chapel at Bunker Hill, which he helped to found, recorded the following upon his death: "Colonel Morgan died November 17, 1766 aged 78 years November 1st." No British records have been found of where he was born or when or how he came to America, but according to American records he seems to have been born in Glamorganshire, Wales during the reign of William III.

Emigration to America
Morgan Morgan emigrated to the America as a single man at the age of 24, probably during the last years of the reign of Queen Anne. Arriving in Delaware in about 1712 or 1713, he soon afterward got married, but no record of the date has been found. Morgan commenced business as a merchant at the place now known as Christiana. Some Quaker records record that Morgan Morgan was educated at Cambridge University and went to Delaware as Crown Council. In 1713, Morgan married Catherine Garretson in what is now New Castle County, Delaware. Their first child, James, was born in the fall of 1715, and this is recorded in the church register. Morgan evidently arrived with some money and had a very respectable social standing, for the early records list him as a merchant and tailor, and in 1717 he was appointed as executor of the will of the Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania. At that time what we now know as Delaware was a part of Pennsylvania. Since the trade guilds were very strong in England, one wonders if he learned the tailoring trade in London, from his father, or if he bypassed the law in the new country and started a combined mercantile and tailoring business. As well as working there as a merchant, he was also a magistrate. He has been claimed to have been an ordained Church of England clergyman, and one who established a church in Westminster County in 1727, but there is no evidence to support this. Morgan is often incorrectly cited as having arrived at present-day West Virginia in 1727, although he was still living in Delaware at that time, acting as the coroner of New Castle County. His first land transaction on record dates from November 20, 1723, when he bought 245 acres (0.99 km2) for the price of 70 pounds. Almost the whole of this land was cultivable.  In 1924, a committee appointed by the Governor of West Virginia determined that the first crude shelter erected by William G. Morgan Great Grandson of Morgan Morgan was built on the Morgan Acres property.

Claim of first settlement in West Virginia
Morgan Morgan arrived in what is now West Virginia in 1731. In January 1734, he, among others, was appointed to the 'Commission of the Peace', meaning that he was a magistrate. He probably received a Patent for 1,000 acres (4.0 km2) '[i]n the Forks of the Rappahannock River & Westwood of Sherrando River' on December 12, 1734. The long-standing claim that he was the first permanent resident there is, however, doubtful. In fact, the area now known as Shepherdstown, West Virginia, was probably settled by German-speaking immigrants as early as 1727.Morgan died at Bunker Hill, Berkeley County, now in West Virginia, and was buried in the Morgan Chapel Graveyard.

Family
Morgan Morgan held military and civil positions in colonial Virginia which entitled his female descendants to membership in the Colonial Dames of America. Col. Morgan and his wife Catherine Garretson had the following issues:

James Morgan - Died at the age of
Ann Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
David Morgan (The Great Indian Fighter)
Charles Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
Henry Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
Evan Morgan
Zackquill Morgan (Founder of Morgantown, West Virginia)
Morgan Morgan II

See also
Morgan Chapel and Graveyard
Morgan Morgan Monument


== Notes and references ==Peter Charles Tabuns (born October 3, 1951) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He is a New Democrat member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario who was elected in a 2006 by-election. He represents the riding of Toronto—Danforth. In 2009 he entered the party leadership convention but lost to Andrea Horwath.

Background
Tabuns was born in London, Ontario to Anton Tabuns (Latvian: Antons Tabūns), an auto mechanic, and his wife Sarah, who was born and raised in Liverpool, England. Anton was born and raised in Latvia, though he managed to leave his homeland after the Soviet occupation and immigrate to England. While working on a farm, fixing equipment, he met Sarah, and soon after marrying, the couple immigrated to Canada. Soon after, the family found residence with another recent immigrant. In addition to Peter, Anton and Sarah have two other children, Frank and Anna.Tabuns attended York University, where he studied political science and was actively involved in York's student council. Tabuns was also president of Citizens for a Safe Environment, a Riverdale environmental group that lobbied the city to end garbage incineration at the Commissioners Street plant in the Port Lands. He became managing director of a housing co-op on Oak Street, and was also vice-chair of the Co-operative Housing Federation of Toronto.He lives with Shawn Kerwin, who is a theatre designer and professor at York University. They have a  son, Anton, from Tabuns' previous relationship.

Municipal politics
Tabuns was city councillor for Ward 8 - Riverdale - of the former City of Toronto from 1990 to 1997, representing part of the Toronto-Danforth riding he now represents provincially. He was a member of the Board of Health for seven years, and was chair from 1993 to 1997. In 1995 he moved to ban smoking in shopping mall food courts. A year later the city extended the ban to include bars and restaurants.In 1996, he supported a boycott of Harvey's restaurants because its parent company Cara Operations had donated money to the Progressive Conservative Party for the previous three years. The Board of Health initially passed the motion 7-6 but later rescinded it following a storm of protest. Tabuns was unrepentant and said that corporations must be held accountable for supporting Ontario Premier Mike Harris. Tabuns said, "What Mike Harris has done is put greased skids under the economy of this city and pushed it downhill."In 1997 the amalgamation of Metropolitan Toronto reduced the number of councillor positions. Tabuns was forced to compete with fellow NDP councillors Pam McConnell (who had previously represented Ward 7, adjacent to Tabuns' Ward 8) and Jack Layton (who had held a seat on Metro Council representing the same area as Wards 7 and 8) for one of two council positions returned by the east-end ward. A phantom candidate named "Larry Tabin" also entered the election. It has been alleged that Tabin was enlisted as a candidate by bar and restaurant owners seeking to defeat Tabuns over his anti-smoking initiative; despite his presence on the ballot, Tabin did not actually conduct any visible campaign. In the confusion, Tabin was able to draw enough votes away from Peter Tabuns to cost Tabuns the election. Tabuns came in third, with about 200 fewer votes than McConnell.

Greenpeace
From 1999 to 2004, Tabuns was executive director of Greenpeace Canada. Under Tabuns' leadership, the organization advocated for environmental protection, including the adoption of the Kyoto Protocol. Tabuns also served as special advisor on climate change to Jack Layton from 2004 to 2005.
Tabuns was criticized by some members of Office and Professional Employees International Union (OPEIU) local 343 (now Canadian Office and Professional Employees Union 343) in 2002, when Greenpeace terminated its door-to-door fundraising efforts and transferred foot canvassers to telephone fundraising. No layoffs occurred; however, several workers disputed Greenpeace's assertions that the new positions were of "comparable salary and benefits", and held an information picket outside Greenpeace offices. According to the union, the "circumstances surrounding the closure of the door canvass were amicably resolved".

Federal politics
Tabuns ran as the NDP candidate in the riding of Beaches—East York during the 2004 federal election. He lost the election to Liberal incumbent Maria Minna by 7,738 votes.

Provincial politics
On February 15, 2006, the Toronto—Danforth NDP riding association nominated Tabuns as the party's candidate in the provincial by-election, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of former NDP Member of Provincial Parliament Marilyn Churley. Churley resigned her provincial seat in order to run in the 2006 federal election as the NDP candidate for Beaches-East York.
Tabuns' opponents in the election were former broadcaster and Liberal candidate Ben Chin, Progressive Conservative candidate Georgina Blanas and Green Party candidate Paul Charbonneau. On March 30, 2006, Tabuns won the by-election with 47.8% support from voters.Upon being sworn in as an MPP, NDP Leader Howard Hampton reorganized his shadow cabinet and gave the rookie member a long list of portfolios, including Transportation, Environment, Public Infrastructure Renewal, Greater Toronto Area, Culture, Tourism and Recreation, Citizenship and Immigration, and Multicultural Affairs.In October 2006, Tabuns was voted Best MPP by Now Magazine readers, for his positions on climate change, the Portlands Energy Centre, and early childhood learning centres in his constituency. Tabuns has also been known for his stance on same-sex parental rights, anti-toxics legislation and recognition of foreign credentials. In the same month, Tabuns was recognized for tabling a motion to recognize June 22, 2006 as Chinese Canadian Head Tax Redress Day.Tabuns was re-elected in the 2007, 2011, 2014, and in the 2018 provincial elections.He is currently the party's critic on energy and climate change, and was previously the party's critic for Education and Energy issues.

Leadership bid
Following the resignation of party leader Howard Hampton in June 2008, Peter Tabuns was mentioned in the press as a likely candidate in the emerging campaign for the leadership. On October 27, 2008, Tabuns officially launched his campaign for the leadership. The party's leadership convention was held in March 2009. Tabuns lost to Andrea Horwath by a margin of 60% to 40% on the third ballot following the defeat of contenders Michael Prue and Gilles Bisson in earlier rounds.

Electoral record
References
External links
Official website
Ontario Legislative Assembly parliamentary history (archived)Samliku  is a village in Põhja-Pärnumaa Parish, Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.


Gaffer tape (also known as gaffer's tape, gaff tape or gaffa tape as well as spike tape for narrow, colored gaffer tape) is a heavy cotton cloth pressure-sensitive tape with strong adhesive and tensile properties. It is widely used in theatre, photography, film, radio and television production, and industrial staging work.
While sometimes confused with duct tape, gaffer tape differs in the composition of both the backing, which is made from fabric as opposed to vinyl or other plastics, and the adhesive, which is more resistant to heat and more easily removed without damaging the surface to which it adhered.

History
The precise origin of the name is unknown, one theory being that it is named for the gaffer (chief lighting technician) on a film crew. When cables are taped down on a stage or other surface, either to prevent tripping hazards or conceal them from view of the audience or camera, they are said to be gaffed or gaffered.Gaffer tape was invented in 1959 by Ross Lowell, director, cinematographer, and founder of Lowel-Light. Lowell transferred the adhesive from Johnson & Johnson's Permacel tape, also known as duct tape, to silver fabric, and Lowel-Light introduced gaffer tape to the market.

Properties and uses
Gaffer tape is manufactured in many colors, including fluorescent and custom colors, but perhaps the most common variety is matte black. A matte finish keeps the tape from reflecting light, so that it blends in with a typical stage floor. It is sold in a variety of widths, from 1⁄4 in (6 mm) to 4 in (102 mm), with 1 in (25 mm) and 2 in (51 mm) being the most common. Gaffer tape is strong, yet can be torn by hand, so no cutting tools are necessary, and it can easily be ripped into narrower strips when desired. The synthetic adhesive typically leaves little or no residue and will generally not damage most surfaces when it is removed. Gaffer tape is usually more expensive than duct tape because it is manufactured in smaller quantities, has more exacting specifications, and is marketed for professional use.

A common application for gaffer tape is securing cables to a stage floor, podium, or other surface, either for safety or concealment. It is also frequently used whenever a quick ad hoc fix is required, from temporarily attaching fixtures or props, to salvaging a broken piece of production equipment. A narrow version of gaffer tape, called spike tape, is used in theater productions for floor layout.In the absence of console tape or artist tape, live sound engineers or light board operators may use a strip of white gaffer tape along the bottom of a mixing board to label the channels or submasters used for a particular show.In rock climbing gyms, gaffer tape can be used to mark climbs on the wall. It is preferable to duct tape because it is stronger and lasts longer on the wall.

See also
Best boy
Dolly grip
List of adhesive tapes
Speed tape
Theatrical technician


Soul on Ice is the debut album by West Coast emcee Ras Kass, released on October 1, 1996, under Priority Records. The album was produced by Ras Kass, as well as DJ Battlecat, Vooodu, Bird, Michael Barber, Michael Schlesinger, and Reno Delajuan. Fellow West Coast rapper Coolio makes the only guest appearance on the album on the song "Drama." The album's title is a reference to Black Panther member Eldridge Cleaver's 1968 book Soul on Ice. Two charting singles were released from the album, "Anything Goes" and "Soul on Ice." It has been praised for its complex lyricism and lush production. The Source magazine noted in 1996, that Ras Kass was "the West Coast's answer to Nas".

Track listing
Samples
Anything Goes

"Oooh This Love Is So" by Al B. Sure!
"Blue Suede Shoes" by Carl PerkinsReelishymn

"Goin' Out of My Head" by Little Anthony and the ImperialsDrama

"Tryin' to Get the Feeling Again" by Hubert Laws
"Children's Story" by Slick Rick
"Gin and Juice" by Snoop DoggEtc.

"Mos***up" by Just-Ice feat. KRS-One
"How Many MC's..." by Black MoonIf/Then

"Stay Still (And Let Me Love You)" by Ronnie Laws
"B****es Ain't S***" by Dr. DreMarinatin'

"You Gots to Chill" by EPMDOn Earth as It Is...

"Spinning Wheel" by Lonnie Smith
"La Dolce Vita" by Sparks
"10% Dis" by MC LyteSonset

"You're Gettin' a Little Too Smart" by The Detroit Emeralds
"Eric B. Is President" by Eric B. & Rakim
"Underground" by EPMDSoul on Ice

"School Boy Crush" by Average White BandThe Evil That Men Do

"Kool Is Back" by Funk, Inc.
"Barefoot Ballet" by John Klemmer
"Color Blind" by Ice Cube, WC and the Maad CircleOrdo Abchao (Order Out of Choas)

"Universe" by Hampton Hawes

Charts


The Irish Gold Cup (Irish: Corn Óir na hÉireann) is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 3 miles (4,828 metres), and during its running there are seventeen fences to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in February.
The event was first run in 1987, and it was originally titled the Vincent O'Brien Irish Gold Cup. It was named after Vincent O'Brien (1917–2009), who was a successful racehorse trainer. The race was renamed the Hennessy Gold Cup in 1991, when Hennessy began sponsoring and it was often referred to as the "Irish Hennessy", as there was also a long-established chase in Great Britain called the Hennessy Gold Cup. Hennessy's sponsorship ended after the 2015 running and the 2016 event was run as the unsponsored Irish Gold Cup. Unibet sponsored the Irish Gold Cup from 2017 to 2019.  In 2017, it was run as the Stan James Irish Gold Cup Chase and in 2018 and 2019 as the Unibet Irish Gold Cup. Since 2020 the race has been sponsored by Paddy Power.
Throughout its history the race has served as a leading trial for the Cheltenham Gold Cup. Three horses have won both events in the same year – Jodami (1993), Imperial Call (1996) and Sizing John (2017).

Records
Winners
Amateur jockeys indicated by "Mr".

See also
List of Irish National Hunt races
Recurring sporting events established in 1987  – this race is included under its original title, Vincent O'Brien Irish Gold Cup.

References

Racing Post:
1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997
1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
2018, 2019, 2020, 2021pedigreequery.com – Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup – Leopardstown.Carzone is an Irish website for motor dealers and consumers located in Dublin, Ireland, and is owned by the Auto Trader Group. 
It began as part of Webzone Ltd, a web design and production company. Carzone is available across multiple devices with a dedicated iPhone App, Android App and Mobile Site. In 2004 Carzone.ie was sold to the Guardian Media Group (GMG). Trader Media Group, a subsidiary of GMG, acquired Webzone Ltd, the Dublin holding company of the motor website.

References
Carzone.ie now more popular than Facebook. The Sunday Business Post, July 06, 2008. [1]
Guardian Media Group drives €5m takeover of Carzone motor website. The Sunday Business Post, September 18, 2005. [2]
Determination of the Competition Authority.  Competition Authority (Ireland), November 3, 2005. [3]Mariela Griffor (born September 29, 1961 in Concepcion, Chile), is a poet, editor, publisher of Marick Press and diplomat. She is author of four poetry collections, Exiliana, House, The Psychiatrist and most recently, Declassified (Eyewear Publishing, 2016), and has had her poems and translations published in many literary journals and magazines including Poetry International, Washington Square Review , Texas Poetry Review, and Éditions d'art Le Sabord, in anthologies including Poetry in Michigan / Michigan in Poetry, from New Issues Press. A variety of Griffor's poems has been translated into Italian, French, Chinese, Swedish, and Spanish. She has been nominated to the Griffin Poetry Prize, to the Whiting Awards and the PEN/Beyond Margins Award. She was finalist and shortlisted for the 2017 National Translation Award for Canto General by Pablo Neruda.

Early life
Griffor was born in Concepcion, Chile. She attended the University of Santiago and the Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro. She left Chile for an involuntary exile in Sweden in 1985. Griffor holds a B.A in Journalism from Wayne State University and a M.F.A in Creative Writing from New England College. She and her American husband returned to the United States in 1998. They live in Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan.

Career
Griffor is co-founder of the institute for Creative Writers at Wayne State University and Publisher of Marick Press. Her work has appeared in Passages North, Cerise Press, Washington Square Review, Texas Poetry Review and many others. She is the author of Exiliana (Luna Publications) and House (Mayapple Press). Her latest publication are The Psychiatrist (Eyewear Publishing 2013 and Declassified, 2017) . She is honorary consul of Chile in Michigan.
Griffor writes about her homeland of Chile, and her immigrant experiences as an exile in both Sweden and the United States.

Works
Griffor, who is bilingual, is a rare exception among lyrical Chilean writers that publishes here [Chile] and in other places. In Resolana one notices an exceptional consistency, a coherence in contrast to the robust naturalism of our tradition and, above all, a profound cultural formation – without a doubt, immersed in the North American lyric, especially Emily Dickinson, Wallace Stevens, Elizabeth Bishop, Marianne Moore – consolidated in hymns to the common and current, in the everyday, in the allusion to the flora and fauna that, without extending in manifest form, uses symbols and literary resources so that the verbal weight asserts itself to her readers.
If one has to position Griffor within the recent history of Chilean poetry, her art is closest to poets such as Jorge Teillier, Delia Domínguez and the early Enrique Lihn.

Poetry
Exiliana, [Luna Publications] ISBN 978-0978147105 (Toronto, CANADA), 2007
House, [Mayapple Press] ISBN 978-0932412-539 (Bay City, Michigan, USA), 2007
The Psychiatrist, [Eyewear Publishing] ISBN 978-1-908998-11-8 (London, UK), 2013
Resolana, El Taller del Poeta ISBN 978-84-941529-4-8 (Madrid, SPAIN), 2013
Declassified, [1], [Eyewear Publishing] ISBN 978-1-911-33549-8 (London, UK), 2017

Translation
Canto General, Tupelo Press, Canto General ISBN 978-1-936797-69-1 (Boston, USA), 2016
Bailando en Odesa, Tupelo Press, Bailando en Odesa ISBN 978-1-936797-93-6 (Boston, USA), 2017

Editing
Poetry International,Issue 13/14 2009 Special Double Issue Featuring Chilean Poetry Today [San Diego State University Press] ISBN 1-879691-90-6  (San Diego, California), 2009

References
External links
Official website
Marick Press
"Ma Demeure Brûle" by Mariela Griffor translated by Guy Jean (1) on YouTube
The Psychiatrist" by Mariela Griffor
Death in Argentina" by Mariela GrifforPerittia regina is a moth in the family Elachistidae. It was described by Lauri Kaila in 2000. It is found in Argentina.


The Stranger is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy. Prints of this film survive in private collections and it has been released on DVD.

Cast
Billy West as The Prospector
Leatrice Joy as Susie
Bud Ross as Susie's Father (credited as Budd Ross)
Oliver Hardy as Oliver, the saloonkeeper
Leo White as The Greaser

Reception
Like many American films of the time, The Stranger was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors cut, in Reel 2, the intertitle "The Hall of Joy where wine, women and song hold forth temptations to strangers".

See also
List of American films of 1918
Oliver Hardy filmography

References
External links
The Stranger at IMDbNordion Inc., a Sotera Health company, is a health science company that provides Cobalt-60 used for sterilization and treatment of disease (radiotherapy). 
Nordion is headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, with facilities in Vancouver, British Columbia and Laval, Quebec. Kevin Brooks is the company's CEO. It was acquired by Sotera Health in 2014 for US$805 million (equivalent to $882.67 million in 2020).

History
Founded in 1946, originally the radium sales department of Eldorado Mining and Refining Ltd., the division developed one of the first teletherapy units that used the radioisotope cobalt-60 to destroy cancerous tumours.
Soon after, the division was given responsibility for selling radioisotopes produced by the newly established nuclear research facility at Chalk River, Ontario. As a result, in 1951, Eldorado established a commercial products division (CPD) to manage the isotope business, especially cobalt-60 used in cancer treatment.
In 1952, the federal government created Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL), a Crown corporation. Shortly thereafter, CPD was transferred to AECL, where it remained for the next 40 years and was renamed the radio-chemical division.
In 1988, ownership of the radio-chemical division was transferred from AECL to the Canadian Development Investment Corporation (CDIC). The company assumed a new name, Nordion International Inc. and was later sold to MDS Health Group in 1991.
In 2010, MDS Inc. completed a strategic repositioning which saw the Company divest its MDS Analytical Technologies and MDS Pharma Services businesses. Also in 2010, shareholders of MDS Inc. approved a change of name from MDS Inc. to Nordion Inc. The Company officially changed its name to Nordion Inc. on November 1, 2010.In July 2013, Nordion completed the divestiture of its Targeted Therapies business to BTG plc. The company is now focused on Nordion and its sterilization technologies and medical isotopes businesses.
The company generated US$244.8 million USD  (equivalent to $268.42 million in 2020) in revenues in the 2012 fiscal year, with over 70% of its revenue coming from within North America.It was acquired by Sotera Health in 2014 for US$805 million (equivalent to $882.67 million in 2020). The company's press release stated that the acquisition created "the only vertically integrated sterilization company in the world."Nordion sold its Medical Isotopes business in 2018.

Products
Gamma technologies
Customers use Nordion's gamma-sterilization technologies to sterilize medical surgical supplies and devices, as well as certain consumer products, such as food and cosmetics.
Nordion supplies cobalt-60, the isotope that produces the gamma radiation required to destroy harmful micro-organisms. 
The company also designs and sells a family of production irradiators.

Locations
The Nordion corporate headquarters are located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The headquarters are the main manufacturing facilities for medical isotopes, used in medical imaging and radiopharmaceuticals, and for cobalt-60 sources and industrial food irradiators.
The Nordion Gamma Centre of Excellence (GCE) is a gamma irradiation research, training, and demonstration facility located in Laval, Quebec, Canada. The GCE is operated in partnership with the University of Quebec's Armand Frappier Institute.
Nordion has an Asia Pacific Sales Office in Hong Kong.

Awards and recognition
Canada's Top 100 Employers, 2010 and 2011
National Capital Region's Top 25 Employers, 2007-2013
Ottawa Business Journal's Forty Under 40 Award
Best Employer for New Canadians
2009 Ottawa Business Achievement – Company of the Year Silver Award
Canadian Industry Program for Energy Conservation (CIPEC) Leadership Award
ENERGY STAR Market Transformation Award
Return on Environment Partnership Award

Community work
Ottawa Food Bank
The Ottawa Hospital (Gala for Research)
Toy Mountain

References
External links
Official websiteTouhfat Mouhtare is a Comorian writer.
Born in Comoros, Mouhtare has lived in various countries in Africa, and studied in France, where she received a diploma in foreign languages from the Sorbonne. She is the second published Comorian woman prose writer, after Coralie Frei, and has written poetry as well. Ames suspendues, a collection of novellas, was published in 2011. She has also published articles on various subjects.


Malagascoderes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Malagascoderes goudotti (Thomson, 1878)
Malagascoderes scriptus (Thery, 1937)


Minyichthys inusitatus, also known as the West Atlantic pipefish is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Syngnathidae. They have been be found off the coast of Panama and Northern Argentina, though little is known about their full geographic range or preferred habitat in these areas. Minyichthys inusitatus is thought to live primarily at depths of greater than 30–40 meters. Their diet likely consists of small crustaceans such as copepods, amphipods, and mysid shrimps. Reproduction occurs through ovoviviparity in which the males brood eggs before giving live birth. This small species grows only to lengths of around 2.9 cm on average.

References
External links
Minyichthys inusitatus at FishBaseJoseph Gamache (born May 20, 1966) is an American boxing trainer and former professional boxer. He is the first and only boxer from Maine to capture a world boxing title, as he won the WBA super featherweight title in 1991 and the WBA lightweight title in 1992. He retired with a record of 55-4, with his losses being to Tony Lopez, Orzubek Nazarov, Julio César Chávez and Arturo Gatti.

Early years
At the age of 10, playing third base in Little League Baseball, Gamache tended to loop his throws to first base. His father suggested that if he worked out in a boxing gym he might strengthen his arms and straighten out his long throws across the infield. Gamache would come to love the rites of the gym and soon set aside baseball to become a boxer.

Professional boxing career
Gamache was trained by Tony Lampron and Teddy Atlas. He turned professional in 1987 and won his first 28 bouts.

Two-weight world champion
In 1991, Gamache defeated Jerry Ngobeni (19-1) to capture the vacant WBA super featherweight title. He vacated the title to move up to lightweight. The following year, Gamache defeated Chil-Sung Chun (18-1) to win the vacant WBA lightweight title. He lost the lightweight title in his first defense to Tony Lopez (40-3-1) via TKO in the eleventh round. Gamache fought bravely against the stronger, more experienced Lopez. In 1994, Gamache fought Orzubek Nazarov (19-0) for the WBA lightweight title, but lost via second-round TKO. He fought Julio César Chávez (96-2-1) in 1996. The referee stopped the fight at the end of the 8th round, giving Chávez a harder-than-expected victory.

Retirement
In his last fight on February 26, 2000, Gamache was brutally knocked out in two rounds by Arturo Gatti (30-4) at Madison Square Garden. Gamache went on to file lawsuits against both Gatti and the New York State Athletic Commission, alleging that Gatti weighed significantly more than the contracted weight at the time of the fight. A NYSAC official allowed Gatti off the scale before it could be determined that he had made the 141-pound weight limit. HBO said Gatti weighed 160 pounds on fight night compared to Gamache's 145 pounds. Gamache said he suffered brain damage as a result of the brutal knockout and was hospitalised for days. The case was tried and decided by Judge Melvin Schweitzer, who found the state negligent in its lax handling of the pre-fight weigh-in. Gamache was not awarded any damages, as Schweitzer was not convinced that the negligence was a substantial factor in causing Gamache's injury. Gamache considered the verdict a win as it acknowledged the NYSAC's negligence.

Training career
Gamache's son, Steven Gamache, made his professional debut in 2010. Today, Gamache works as a licensed boxing trainer, coaching some of the top fighters in the sport. He trained Boyd Melson, who won the gold medal at the 2004 World Military Boxing Championships in the 69 kg weight class and fought professionally at light middleweight until his retirement in 2016. Gamache was hired by Team Sauerland, and trained the Danish super middleweight contender Patrick Nielsen. Gamache is the current trainer of Swedish boxer Otto Wallin, who faced the former unified heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury on September 14, 2019.
He is also a member of the training team of Teofimo Lopez

References
External links
Boxing record for Joey Gamache from BoxRec (registration required)Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is a 1996 American adult animated comedy film based on the MTV animated television series Beavis and Butt-Head. The film was co-written and directed by series creator Mike Judge, who reprises his roles from the series; Demi Moore, Bruce Willis, Robert Stack, and Cloris Leachman star in supporting roles. The film follows Beavis and Butt-Head as they attempt to find their stolen television; they end up traveling across the country in an attempt to "score" while unknowingly becoming fugitives wanted by the FBI and the ATF.
Previous offers by MTV to adapt Beavis and Butt-Head to film were rejected by Judge, before he eventually agreed to the film in 1994. As the film's production began, the series' staff halted production while Judge wrote the screenplay with Joe Stillman. John Frizzell composed the film's score.
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America premiered at Mann's Chinese Theater on December 15, 1996, and it was released in the United States on December 20, 1996 by Paramount Pictures. The film later aired on MTV in 1999. It also aired on VH1 in 2003. The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing $63.1 million in the United States and becoming the largest December box office opening of all time until it was surpassed the following year by Scream 2. In February 2021, a sequel was announced for Paramount+.

Plot
Beavis and Butt-Head discover that their television is missing, and set out to find it. After several failed attempts to get a television, they come across a motel which offers one in every room. They meet Muddy Grimes, who mistakes them for hired hitmen and offers them $10,000 to "do" his wife Dallas in Las Vegas. Thinking that "do" refers to sex, Butt-Head convinces Beavis that they can "score" and buy a new television.
Muddy drives them to the airport. In Las Vegas, Beavis and Butt-Head arrive to their booked hotel room, but Dallas catches them eavesdropping on her room and holds them at gunpoint. The boys refuse Dallas' offer of $20,000 to "do" Muddy and argue over who will "do" Dallas first. Realizing that Beavis and Butt-Head have misunderstood their instructions, she plants the "X-5 Unit" (a stolen, volatile biological weapon) in Beavis' shorts, which were lying on the floor. She tells them to meet her for sex at the U.S. Capitol, but actually plans to recover the unit.
Beavis and Butt-Head then leave the hotel and get on a tour bus. After they accidentally sabotage the Hoover Dam, Agent Flemming of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) becomes convinced that the duo are criminal masterminds and places them on the FBI's most-wanted list. Beavis and Butt-Head accidentally board the wrong bus, joining a busload of nuns who are repulsed by the boys and abandon them in Petrified Forest National Park. After walking through the desert, the boys meet and hang out with former Mötley Crüe roadies, oblivious that they are their biological fathers.
Muddy returns to the motel and meets the real hitmen. He angrily swears to track down and kill Beavis and Butt-Head. The hitmen, who stole Beavis and Butt-Head's television, abandon it in front of the motel. Beavis and Butt-Head awaken to find the drifters gone and continue walking until they become dehydrated and weak. Beavis, suffering dehydration, takes a bite out of a peyote cactus, causing him to hallucinate.
Muddy eventually finds Beavis and Butt-Head and, after learning that Dallas intends to meet them, puts them in his trunk and drives on. In Virginia, they jump out onto the interstate and cause a 400-car pileup. They walk past the scene and board their original tour bus, stopping at the Capitol before reaching the White House. Muddy confronts Dallas in a parking garage before she can can meet Beavis and Butt-Head. She seduces him and they have sex in his car.
The ATF is dispatched to the White House because Beavis and Butt-Head are there on the same day as a peace conference. Beavis is transformed into Cornholio by excessive consumption of caffeine and sugar and, wandering into the Oval Office, picks up the red phone, causing a military alert. Butt-Head hits on Chelsea Clinton but is thrown out of her bedroom window. He is then detained and cavity searched by ATF officers.
Beavis goes to their neighbor Tom Anderson's travel trailer, where Anderson catches him "whacking off" and throws him out, bottomless. The ATF, thinking Beavis has the bioweapon, are about to open fire when Anderson throws out Beavis' pants. The bioweapon flies into Butt-Head's hand and he gives it to Flemming. Anderson and his wife are accused of trying to frame Beavis and Butt-Head and are arrested along with Dallas and Muddy. Flemming proclaims Beavis and Butt-Head heroes, and they meet President Bill Clinton, who makes them honorary ATF agents.
Beavis and Butt-Head return to Highland upset that they never scored or got any money, but they find their television at the motel and walk into the sunset, carrying it and insulting each other until Beavis suggests going to Anderson’s toolshed to masturbate.

Voice cast
Mike Judge as Beavis, Butt-Head,  Tom Anderson,  Mr. Van Driessen, and Principal McVicker
Bruce Willis as Muddy Grimes
Demi Moore as Dallas Grimes
Cloris Leachman as Old Woman On Plane and Bus
Robert Stack as Agent FlemmingOther voice actors include: Jacqueline Barba, Pamela Blair, Eric Bogosian, Kristofor Brown, Tony Darling, John Doman, Francis DuMaurier, Jim Flaherty, Tim Guinee, Toby Huss, Sam Johnson, Richard Linklater, Rosemary McNamara, Harsh Nayyar, Karen Phillips, Dale Reeves, Mike Ruschak, and Gail Thomas
Greg Kinnear had an uncredited role as ATF Agent Bork; David Letterman (credited as Earl Hofert) had a role as a Mötley Crüe roadie.

Production
Development for the film began in 1993 as part of a production deal with MTV, David Geffen, and Warner Bros. Geffen so believed in the potential of the Beavis and Butt-head TV series that he suggested creating a movie and record album based on the program. They originally conceived it as a live action movie, with Saturday Night Live regulars David Spade and Adam Sandler in mind to play the title characters. After MTV's parent company Viacom purchased Paramount Pictures in 1994, the studio became a partner in the film, replacing Warner's interest in the project and dropping the live action concept under pressure from Beavis and Butt-Head creator Mike Judge. Judge has stated production of the animated film was very ad hoc and had some difficulties with progressing due to most of the staff's television background. Beavis' hallucination sequence's design and animation was based on the works of Rob Zombie. The sequence's director was Chris Prynoski.

Deleted scene
When the film premiered on MTV on August 7, 1999, an additional deleted scene followed the airing: while visiting the National Archives, Beavis attempts to use the restroom, but cannot because of the lack of toilet paper in the stall. Coincidentally, Butt-head is angry because the urinals lack the automatic flushing mechanisms that had amazed him at Yellowstone National Park. After the rest of their tour group finishes looking at the encased Declaration of Independence, Beavis sneaks out, breaks the glass with the U.S. flag pole, and steals it to use as "T.P. for his bunghole." While Archive guards rush to see what happened, Beavis cleans up, and exits the stall with a piece of the Declaration, containing John Hancock's signature, stuck to his shoe. The scene does not appear on the DVD, although it is mentioned on the disc's commentary track. In the track, Judge noted that the scene did not test well. Another alternate scene was done for when Butt-Head meets Chelsea Clinton in her bedroom, which showed her packing up to leave the White House. This alternate scene was created in the event that Bill Clinton lost his 1996 reelection bid to Bob Dole. However, by the spring of 1996, Judge ultimately decided to keep the original scene because he felt that it was looking as if Clinton was going to win reelection, which he did that November.

Reception
Box office
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America opened Number 1 in North America on December 20, 1996, and earned $63.1 million at the US box office after opening at #1 with $20.1 million. It had a $12 million production budget.

Critical reception
The film holds a 70% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 54 reviews, with a weighted average of 6.4/10. The consensus reads: "Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is unabashedly offensive, unapologetically stupid, and unexpectedly funny." On Metacritic, the film has a 64 out of 100 rating based on 16 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times praised the film as a "vulgar" satire on American youth, and compared it favorably  to Wayne's World. On the film review show Siskel and Ebert, Ebert's reviewing partner Gene Siskel gave the film a "modest recommendation", having been taken with the two lead characters. Ebert and Siskel ultimately awarded it a "two thumbs up" rating.

Awards and nominations
Home media
The film was released on VHS on June 10, 1997 and on DVD on November 23, 1999, by Paramount Home Entertainment. The bonus features on the disc were a widescreen presentation, and two theatrical trailers. The film was re-released on a Special Edition DVD in 2006 as "The Edition That Doesn't Suck". It contained more in the way of bonus features such as audio commentaries, Spanish language tracks, more trailers, "Making of" documentaries, and more. It lacks the deleted National Archives scene. In 2013, "The Edition That Doesn't Suck" was re-released on DVD exclusively by Warner Home Video, under a deal with Paramount. Oddly enough, Warner Bros. was Geffen's distributor until The Geffen Company went bankrupt. Today, Warner Bros. holds home video distribution rights to all of Geffen Pictures' library.The film was released on Blu-ray for the first time on December 7, 2021 by Paramount Home Entertainment, in commemoration of the film's 25th anniversary.

Sequel
In the years following, many fans rumored the possibility of a sequel or follow-up to the film, tentatively titled Beavis and Butt-Head: The Sequel or Beavis and Butt-Head 2. On August 31, 2009, during the promotion of Extract, Mike Judge said he would like to see Beavis and Butt-Head on the big screen again. In 2019, Judge revealed that he has "some ideas" for a new film, saying there might be potential for a live-action version of the show. On February 24, 2021, ahead of the show's reboot set at Comedy Central, a second movie based on the series was announced for the streaming service Paramount+. As the first promotion for it, the announcement was made by the titular characters in a video released for YouTube on the page for Comedy Central.

Soundtrack
"Two Cool Guys" – Isaac Hayes (3:06)
"Love Rollercoaster" – Red Hot Chili Peppers (4:37)
"Ain't Nobody" – LL Cool J (4:38)
"Ratfinks, Suicide Tanks and Cannibal Girls" – White Zombie (3:53)
"I Wanna Riot" – Rancid with Stubborn All-Stars (3:59)
"Walk on Water" – Ozzy Osbourne (4:18) *
"Snakes" – No Doubt (4:34)
"Pimp'n Ain't EZ" – Madd Head (4:21)
"The Lord Is a Monkey" (Rock Version) – Butthole Surfers (4:44)
"White Trash" – Southern Culture on the Skids (2:03)
"Gone Shootin'" – AC/DC (5:05)
"Lesbian Seagull" – Engelbert Humperdinck (3:39)Noticeably missing are "Mucha Muchacha", the version of "Lesbian Seagull" with Mr. Van Driessen singing, and the score tracks performed by The London Metropolitan Orchestra, which were released on a separate album.
"Two Cool Guys", written and performed by soul/funk musician Isaac Hayes, is a semi-parody of Hayes' Academy Award-winning "Theme from Shaft". It incorporates the theme from the Beavis and Butt-head television series as a rhythm guitar line, and series creator Mike Judge, who wrote the theme, is given a co-writing credit with Hayes in the soundtrack liner notes. The opening credit sequence which the song features in is a take-off on popular 1970s cop movies and TV shows with Beavis and Butt-Head as hip ace sleuth Lothario detectives.
The version of Ozzy Osbourne's "Walk on Water" is not the same version included in the film. The film used an earlier demo version, while the soundtrack itself contains a later, revised version. The original demo, which appears in the film, can be found on Osbourne's Prince of Darkness box set.  Ozzy and co-writer Jim Vallance both prefer the demo version heard in the film. "Walk on Water" was released as a single and peaked at number 28 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

References
External links
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at IMDb
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at the TCM Movie Database
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America official site at the Wayback Machine (archive index)
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at Box Office Mojo
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at Rotten Tomatoes
Beavis and Butt-head Do America at the Big Cartoon DataBase
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America Review on Entertainment Weekly
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America review on Consequence of SoundWadah Khanfar (Arabic: وضاح خنفر; born 20 September 1968) is the President of Al Sharq Forum, an independent network dedicated to developing long-term strategies for political development, social justice and economic prosperity of the people of the Middle East.  He previously served as the Director General of Al Jazeera Media Network. He has been ranked by Foreign Policy Magazine in 2011 as the first in The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers, and in Fast Company as the first in the 100 Most Creative People in Business (2011) and as one of the most 'Powerful People in the World'  by Forbes magazine (2009)., in 2008 World Economic Forum named Khanfar as one of the 'Young Global Leaders'. During his tenure Al Jazeera went from a single channel to a media network with multiple properties including the Al Jazeera Arabic channel, Al Jazeera English, Al Jazeera Documentary, Al Jazeera Sport, Al Jazeera's news websites, the Al Jazeera Media Training and Development Center, the Al Jazeera Center for Studies, Al Jazeera Mubasher (Live), and Al Jazeera Mobile. On 20 September 2011, he stepped down as the head of Al Jazeera Network.

Early years and education
Wadah was born in the Palestinian town of Rama in 1968. He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering at the University of Jordan in 1990 and went on to complete a post-graduate degree in philosophy, a diploma in African Studies from Sudan International University and an Honors Degree in International Politics. During this time, Khanfar started a student's union that soon spread to several other universities and an inter-university dialogue group among students constituted from a range of political backgrounds. By 1989, the student's union was playing an active role in debating the future of the democratic process, and Khanfar started making a name for himself as a charismatic and natural leader, helping to organize forums, protests, festivals and demonstrations for student rights.

Journalism
Africa
When Al Jazeera was established in 1996, Khanfar was a graduate student in International Politics and African Studies in South Africa, and a researcher and consultant in Middle Eastern economics and political affairs. He was asked by the channel to provide an analysis on African affairs, which led to him becoming a correspondent in South Africa until 2001. At a conference in Pretoria on 27–29 August 2012, Khanfar said that he had learned about both political struggle and reconciliation during his years in South Africa.

Afghanistan
In 2001 and 2002, Khanfar reported on Afghanistan from New Delhi. Al Jazeera was unable to get its own correspondent back into the northern territories controlled by the Northern Alliance on the eve of the war, so New Delhi was used, India having a strong Northern Alliance diplomatic presence. As the Taliban regime was collapsing, Al Jazeera's presence in Kabul was threatened by problems including US fire, and concerns from journalists and diplomats that the then bureau chief and correspondent, Tayseer Allouni had become compromised as a partisan of the Taliban cause. Khanfar was brought in to replace Allouni as Kabul bureau chief and restored working relations with the new authorities.

Iraq
During the Iraq war, Khanfar reported from Kurdish-controlled territory in the north, and after the fall of Saddam Hussein's Ba'ath regime, he became Al Jazeera bureau chief in Baghdad.At this time the channel was widely perceived as playing to popular pro-Baathist and anti-Coalition Arab sentiment, despite being represented at the Coalition's Central Headquarters and having an Al Jazeera correspondent embedded within coalition forces. The then US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and then Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz publicly criticized Al Jazeera, Rumsfeld calling the channel's reporting "vicious, inaccurate and inexcusable...", while Wolfowitz claimed the station was "inciting violence" and "endangering the lives of American troops" in Iraq.This public criticism came amid attacks on Al Jazeera from US forces, including the shelling of a hotel in Basra on 8 April 2003 used solely by the channel's correspondents. Nearly a week later, US forces bombed the station's Baghdad offices wounding one cameraman and killing a correspondent, Tariq Ayoub on the same day that two Reuters journalists were killed when a US tank shell struck their office in the Palestine Hotel. In July, Khanfar wrote an open letter to Paul Bremer, the US proconsul in Iraq responding to his assertion that television stations or newspapers guilty of "incitement to violence" would be shut down. Khanfar wrote that his offices and staff had been subject to "strafing by gunfire, death threats, confiscation of news material, and multiple detentions and arrests, all carried out by US soldiers", asserting that the channel's coverage had been consistently harassed for unfavourable reporting during the Ba'athist regime. He also said that because Al Jazeera at that time was only available in Arabic, reliance on the channel's coverage came "from second-, third- and fourth-hand sources – half-truths and total falsehoods that make the rounds in Washington, Baghdad and elsewhere."

Al Jazeera executive
Khanfar became Managing Director of the Al Jazeera Channel in 2003 and Director General of the Al Jazeera Network in 2006. He spoke at the 2011 TED Conference on the ongoing Arab Spring.On 20 September 2011, Khanfar announced on his official Twitter page that he was 'moving on' from Al Jazeera after leading the channel for 8 years.

WikiLeaks
In September 2011, the non-profit whistleblowing website WikiLeaks released a cache of leaked diplomatic cables highlighting U.S. activities overseas. Several of the cables implicated Khanfar in unduly influencing Al Jazeera's news coverage of the War in Iraq at the behest of U.S. embassy officials in Qatar. In one instance, the cables suggested that Khanfar removed images of wounded Iraqi civilians from an Al Jazeera report following pressure by the U.S. embassy. They also suggested that Khanfar was anxious to keep his behind-the-scenes collaboration secret.

Resignation
In September 2011, Khanfar announced to his staff and publicly on the micro-blogging platform Twitter that he would be resigning. In an emotional farewell to Al Jazeera staff he cites that the decision had been in his mind for sometime and that the target of establishing Al Jazeera as a global media leader has been met. This is also the theme of an interview broadcast on Al Jazeera where he addresses and refutes suggestions that Wikileaks and pressure from USA may have influenced his resignation. He is succeeded by Ahmed bin Jassim Al Thani.

Criticism
Wadah Khanfar was accused by some of a pro-Islamist bias. Responding to these accusations in a 2007 interview with The Nation, Khanfar said: "Islam is more of a factor now in the influential political and social spheres of the Arab world, and the network’s coverage reflects that. Maybe you have more Islamic voices [on the network] because of the political reality on the ground." In June 2007, Hafez Al-Mirazi, Al-Jazeera's Washington bureau chief, denounced what he saw as the station's "Islamist drift", and singled out Khanfar in particular, saying: "From the first day of the Wadah Khanfar era, there was a dramatic change, especially because of him selecting assistants who are hardline Islamists."During the Iraq War, Al Jazeera broadcast a report that American troops had raided Najaf and detained the religious leaders of the Shia Islamic community, which turned out to be false. Khanfar defended the blunder as an honest mistake.Al Udeid Air Base served as a logistics hub for U.S. operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.
As Saliyah Army Base, the largest pre-positioning facility of U.S. equipment in the world, served as the forward command center for CENTCOM personnel during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Israel trade office in Qatar. Khanfar was also criticized to favor and be biased towards the Hamas political party in the Palestinian Territories, as opposed to the Palestinian Authority run by Fatah.

Membership and activities
Khanfar has the following memberships; member of International Crisis Group's Board of Trustees, member of the World Economic Forum's (DAVOS) Global Agenda Council on Geopolitical Risk 2012, board member of the Global Editors Network:empower editors-in-chief and senior news executives from around the world looking for the preservation of editorial quality when working with publishers, media owners and news suppliers.Khanfar spoke at the 2011 TED Conference on the ongoing civil uprisings in the Arab Spring.

First visit to the United States
In July 2009, Khanfar was invited to the United States by leading political and media think tanks including the Middle East Institute, New America Foundation, Council on Foreign Relations, and George Washington University. This was the first time that a Director General from Al Jazeera has visited the US. During the visit Khanfar also met with senior officials and advisors at the White House, United States Department of State and the Pentagon. On the visit to the US, Khanfar appeared on the Charlie Rose Show, NPR's Diane Rehm show, and presented at the Paley Center for Media.

References
External links
Official website
Wadah Khanfar at TED 
Lectures & Interviews of Wadah Khanfar
Interview with Wadah Khanfar
Time: Interview with Wadah Khanfar Archived 9 May 2007 at the Wayback Machine
Democracy Now: Wadah Khanfar on Obama’s Expansion of the Afghan War and US Policy in the Middle EastIn genetic genealogy, the identical ancestors point (IAP), or all common ancestors (ACA) point, or genetic isopoint, is the most recent point in a given population's past such that each individual alive at this point either has no living descendants, or is the ancestor of every individual alive in the present. This point lies further in the past than the population's most recent common ancestor (MRCA).
A set of full siblings has an IAP one generation back: their parents. Similarly, double first cousins have an IAP two generations back: the four grandparents. 
Considering all humans alive today and moving back in time, we eventually arrive at the MRCA to all humans. The MRCA had many contemporary companions. Many of these contemporaries had descendant lines to some people living today, but not to all people living today. Others did not have any children, or had descendants, but all descendant lines are now fully extinct.
Going further back, all the ancestors of the MRCA are also common ancestors to all humans, just not the most recent. As we move further back in time, other common ancestors will be found on other lines, resulting in more and more of the ancient population being common ancestors. Eventually the point is reached where all people in the past population fall into one of two categories: they are common ancestors, with at least one line of descent to everyone living today, or, they are the ancestors of no one alive today, because their lines of descent are completely extinct on every branch. This point in time is termed the 'identical ancestors point'. 
Joseph T. Chang has proposed that in a large, well mixed population of size N, we only have to go 1.77log2 (N) generations in the past to find the time when everyone in the population (who left descendants) is an ancestor to the entire population. For example, a population of 4,000 individuals would, on average, have a most recent common ancestor about 13 generations earlier and an IAP about 24 or 25 generations earlier. This model assumes random mate choice and is unrealistic for the human population, where geographic obstacles have greatly reduced mixing across the entire population.The identical ancestors point for Homo sapiens has been the subject of debate. In 2004, Rohde, Olson and Chang showed through simulations that the Identical Ancestors Point for all humans is surprisingly recent, on the order of 5,000-15,000 years ago. Ralph and Coop (2013), considering the European population and working from genetics, came to similar conclusions for the recent common ancestry of Europeans.All living people share exactly the same set of ancestors from this point back, all the way to the very first single-celled organism. However, people will vary widely in how much ancestry and genes they inherit from each ancestor, which will cause them to have very different genotypes and phenotypes.
This is illustrated in the 2003 simulation as follows: 
Considering the ancestral populations alive at 5000 BC, close to the ACA point, 
a modern-day Japanese person will get 88.4% of their ancestry from Japan, and most of the remainder from China or Korea, with only 0.00049% traced to Norway; conversely, a modern-day Norwegian will get over 92% of their ancestry from Norway (or over 96% from Scandinavia) and only 0.00044% from Japan. 
Thus, even though the Norwegian and Japanese person share the same set of ancestors, these ancestors appear in their family tree in dramatically different proportions. A Japanese person in 5000 BC with present-day descendants will likely appear trillions of times in a modern-day Japanese person's family tree, but might appear only one time in a Norwegian person's family tree. A 5000 BC Norwegian person will similarly appear far more times in a typical Norwegian person's family tree than they will appear in a Japanese person's family tree.

See also
References
External links
Identical ancestors point - explaining the relationship of "most recent common ancestor" and "identical ancestors point"Book trimming is the stage of the book production process in which the page edges of a book are trimmed so that all pages will stack with perfect edge alignment within the finished book jacket.
The step before book trimming is the binding of the folded printing sheets. Trimming is performed either with a hydraulic book trimmer that is able to cut a whole book in one or two passes or, until the invention of hydraulic book trimmers, with a cutting press (or lying press) and plough.

Cutting principles
Knife cut principle
The book cutting machine works with three knives and use the knife cut principle. The knife cut principle operates with only one knife per edge which cuts against a rubber surface. This surface supported the cut force. The three-knife-trim is performed in one step. The block is aligned and fixed by the pressure bar. The three knives cut all edges but except the spine; new machines need only one step.

Shear cut principle
The shear cut principle works with two knives – upper and bottom knife. The bottom knife is fixed and the upper knife works against the fixed one. Example of the shear cut principle is the cut of the paper web in the web offset machine and this is realized by a circular blade. To cut simple brochures (booklets) is used by a trimmer which works in two steps.

Burst cut
The third principle is the burst cut. This knife does not need a counter-acting tool. The required cut force is generated by the clamping force of the clamped paper.

See also
Book publishing
Bookbinding
Bleed (printing)


Harry Spens FRSE (c.1714–1787) was a Scottish minister who served as  Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1780.

Life
He was born in Edinburgh, the fourth child of James Spens of Alves, Moray and Anne Robertson. He completed his collegiate and graduate studies at King's College, Aberdeen, graduating with an MA in 1730. In the same year, he began his training for the ministry, and was recorded at St Andrews in 1730 assisting with a baptism for a child from his native parish of Alves.Spens was licensed to preach by the presbytery of Dalkeith on October 3rd, 1738. He was ordained as a minister of the Church of Scotland in November 1744 and became minister of Wemyss, his patron almost certainly being the Earl of Wemyss. He is recorded as having sown 9 “lippies” of linseed on the church glebe (the land allocated to his manse).In 1751, a pamphlet entitled An inquiry concerning a plan of a literary correspondence was anonymously published in Edinburgh. The document, composed as a series of questions about Plato's philosophy, theology, and life, called for interested scholars to join the authors in translating and commenting on the philosopher's works. The Inquiry has been attributed to Spens and John Chambers, minister of Elie.Spens produced the first English translation of Plato's Republic in 1763. Printed at Glasgow by the Foulis Press, the work was dedicated to John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, during his brief tenure as prime minister under King George III. The translation was reprinted in 1906 as part of the Everyman's Library collection.
Spens married Anne Duncan in 1765. The couple had a child named James in October 1771, who passed away within a month.
In 1770, Spens became involved in a curious case in the Scottish courts. A local of Wemyss, Dr. David Dalrymple, had returned from the West Indies with a negro slave, “Black Tom”,  around 1767/8. The slave came to Spens in the middle of the night to be baptized a Christian, which would legally exempt him from chattel slavery. Spens assented, and baptized Tom under the name “David Spens". David left his master and went to work on a Wemyss farm. Dalrymple brought the case to court in January 1770. Upon Dalrymple's death in the following month, the case was abandoned and David remained free.In 1778 he was minister of East Wemyss and nearby Buckhaven, both in Fife.In October 1780 he was made Professor of Divinity at St Andrews University.
When Anne died in 1781 he is recorded as living at Lathallan in St Andrews.In 1783 he was a joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He died in St Andrews in on 27 November 1787.


The Hercules monument is an important landmark in the German city of Kassel.  It is located in the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe (Wilhelmshöhe Mountainpark) in northern Hesse, Germany.
Hercules is a copper statue depicting the ancient Greek demigod Heracles (Gr. Ηρακλής, German Herkules). The statue is located at the top of a Pyramid, which stands on top of the Octagon; the statue and the other parts of the monument were constructed at different times. Today "Hercules" refers not only to the statue, but the whole monument, including the Octagon and Pyramid.  The monument is the highest point in the Wilhelmshöhe Bergpark.
The monument is located in Bad Wilhelmshöhe, on the Eastern ridge of the Habichtswald. It was built in an artificial dell of the Karlsberg (526m above sea level) on the most western and at the same time highest location (515 m) of the line of sight Schloss Wilhelmshöhe – Hercules.
On 23 June 2013 the Mountainpark and the Hercules were proclaimed as World Heritage Site during the UNESCO meeting in Phnom Penh.

Building history
Construction of the Bergpark began in 1696.  The Hercules statue was built in the years 1701 to 1717 and is based on the design of the Italian Giovanni Francesco Guerniero.  The entire complex is the northernmost part of the park and is an important baroque aspect of the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe. It is 520 steps to the top.

Water features
For the first time the water features took place on 3 June 1714. Today during the summer (from May until October every Wednesday and Sunday afternoon) visitors can attend this event. Additionally, every first Saturday of the months of June, July, August and September this event takes place during the evening with lights of different colors illuminating the water, the fountain and the different monuments. Every time about 350.000 liters (92,000 gallons) of water are needed and visitors can follow the water's way starting from the Hercules monument and ending at the big lake of the castle Wilhelmshöhe. The water runs down the cascades, the Steinhöfer's waterfall, the devil's bridge, until it tumbles down the aqueduct before finally arriving at the lake of the castle where a fountain of about 50 meters ends the spectacle. The cascades are a 250m long stone structure that forms gigantic water stairs. This whole system relies on natural pressure from  reservoirs and underground pipes whose locks are opened manually. This system has been in place for more than 300 years.

Octagon and statue
The Hercules monument has a total height of 70.5 meters. 32.65 meters are accounted for by the Octagon; 29.60 meters for the Pyramid and 8.25 meters for the Hercules statue itself. The height difference between top of the statue and the bottom of the cascades is 179 meters.

Building material
The complete structure (Octagon and Cascades) are made of Tuff that was sourced from quarries nearby. This soft material has the advantage of a good workability but weathers quickly, particularly by frost-related erosion. This rapid weathering process has been a structural issue for the statue in its 300 years of existence. In late 2005 a complete restructuring process of the entire monument, including the Hercules statue, was initiated.  Initially projected to be completed in 2009, the restoration of the statue and monuments has been estimated to cost more than 24 million Euro and will last through 2018.

Further reading
Giovanni Francesco Guerniero, Delineatio Montis, Cassel 1706Faksimile, Leipzig 1988 (auch Stuttgart 1988)Paul Heidelbach, Die Geschichte der Wilhelmshöhe. Klinkhardt & Biermann, Leipzig, 1909Faksimile, Ed: Dieter Carl, Vellmar 2005Christiane Lukatis (ed.), Herkules. Tugendheld und Herrscherideal. Das Herkules- Monument in Kassel- Wilhelmshöhe., Eurasburg 1997, ISBN 3-932353-06-4
Thomas Ludwig, Der Herkules in Kassel, 2004, ISBN 3-7954-1668-X

External links
Google Sketchup Model of the castle
Video of the waterfeatures  (Not available to view outside of Germany)Vice admiral Thomas Davers (1689 – 16 September 1746) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station.

Naval career
Born the third son of Sir Robert Davers, 2nd Baronet, Davers was promoted to post captain in January 1713 on appointment to the command of the sixth-rate HMS Seaford. He transferred to the command of the sixth-rate HMS Solebay in August 1718, of the fifth-rate HMS Adventure in 1719 and of the fifth-rate HMS Dolphin in 1728. He went on to take the command of the third-rate HMS Grafton in March 1734, of the fourth-rate HMS Deptford in October 1734 and of the third-rate HMS Grafton again in October 1739. After that he took the command of the third-rate HMS Stirling Castle in May 1742 and of the second-rate HMS Duke in July 1743.Davers served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station, with his flag in the third-rate HMS Cornwall, from 1744 until he died of yellow fever in Jamaica on 16 September 1746. He married Catherine Smithson with whom he lived at Horringer Hall at Horringer in Suffolk.

References
Sources
Cundall, Frank (1915). Historic Jamaica. West India Committee.The 2011 Monegasque municipal elections were held on 13 March to elect the 15 members of the Communal Council of Monaco.

Electoral system
Monegasque citizens over 18 are entitled to vote. The 15 councillors were elected for a four-year period in a single multi-member constituency using plurality-at-large voting with a two-round system. A majority of the votes was required to be elected. The second round would have been held one week after the first round.
The Mayor of Monaco was elected by the councillors after the election.
Candidates were required to be at least 21 years old and to have the Monegasque nationality for at least 5 years.

Results
Georges Marsan was reelected as a mayor after the election.

References
External links
Election information and resultsAkhasan Dam is an irrigation & industrial water dam and embankment dam in Çankırı Province, Turkey. The dam was constructed between 1996 and 2001. The dam is 48 metres high, has a retained water volume of 16,000,000 m³ and covers an irrigation area of 2,253 ha

See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Turkey

References

DSI Archived 2012-05-15 at the Wayback MachineJoseph Parsons Jr. (1647–1729) was an early settler and prominent colonial leader in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Parsons Jr. was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on November 1, 1647.  His father, Cornet Joseph Parsons Sr., immigrated to America from England around 1635, and was one of the witnesses to the deed that transferred ownership of Springfield from the Native Americans to the English settlers.  He later became one of the original settlers of Northampton, Massachusetts.  Parson Jr.'s mother, Mary (Bliss) Parsons was accused of witchcraft several decades before the far more notorious Salem Witch Trials, although she was ultimately acquitted.Parsons Jr. lived most of his life in Northampton. On March 17, 1669, he married Elizabeth Strong, the daughter of John Strong, the lead elder of the church and prominent resident of the town. Parsons Jr. was involved in several business enterprises in and around Northampton, including grist mills, sawmills, and iron.  He later became active in politics; in 1696, he was commissioned as one of the four judges on the Hampshire County Court of Common Pleas, which at the time included all of Western Massachusetts.  He served in this capacity until 1719.  Parsons Jr. also served as a representative in the Massachusetts General Court; he represented Springfield in 1706 and 1708, and Northampton from 1711-1715, 1717, 1721, and 1724.  In addition, he held several other minor offices; in 1700, he was appointed as the first town moderator in Northampton history, and he also served as justice of the peace for a number of years.Throughout most of Parson Jr.'s life in Northampton, Solomon Stoddard was the pastor of the church. However, by 1725 Stoddard was 82 years old and unable to fulfill all of his pastoral duties alone. So, the town voted seven members onto a committee to find a suitable candidate to assist, and upon Stoddard's death, replace him as pastor. Joseph Parsons Jr. was one of the members of this pastoral search committee, which ultimately chose Jonathan Edwards, whose tenure as pastor would lead to the Great Awakening.Joseph Parsons Jr. died in Northampton in November, 1729.


Yasmin Ahmed Almubarak Altwaijri (Arabic: ياسمين أحمد المبارك التويجري) is a Senior Scientist and the Head of Epidemiology Research at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre (KFSH&RC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. As the Head of Epidemiology Research, she studies the causes and effects of diseases and illnesses within a specific country, in her case Saudi Arabia. She studies the prevalence of conditions such as  obesity and mental illness in Saudi society, and is active in advocating for social and political changes to promote better health.

Education
Altwaijri studied Community Health at King Saud University in Riyadh, receiving her B.Sc. in 1992. After marrying, she and her husband moved to the United States to attend graduate school. Altwaijri studied with Johanna Dwyer, director of the Frances Stern Nutrition Center at Tufts University's Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy.  She received her M.Sc. from Tufts University in 1996 and her Ph.D in 2002. Her parents strongly encouraged her to have a professional career that would enable her to be financially independent.

Career
After returning to Saudi Arabia from Boston in 2002, Altwaijri joined King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences. Next she joined King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Riyadh where she leads the epidemiology research center. She is considered one of the top senior scientists in the country.Altwaijri is involved in designing and carrying out epidemiological studies of the Saudi population, with particular attention to women, children and adolescents.One area of concern is the lack of pubertal growth standards for Saudi children.  The only standards available to Saudi pediatricians 
have been based on pubertal characteristics of children in the United States. Altwaijri is developing epidemiological studies of Saudi children that will be sensitive to factors in Saudi life such as socioeconomic standards, diet, and geography.She also researches risk factors such as obesity, smoking, hypertension, high blood cholesterol and lack of exercise, which affect chronic diseases. She emphasizes the importance of social determinants of health and strongly advocates for social and political changes that would promote more healthy lifestyles.  She is particularly concerned about women, who are at a higher risk of developing obesity than Saudi men, in part because socio-cultural factors restrict opportunities for women to exercise and discourage women's participation in sports. Altwaijri advocates for the inclusion of a physical curriculum for girls as well as boys in schools; creation of safe neighborhood play spaces for both male and female children; safe areas where adult men and women can be physically active; and affordable health clubs for both women and men. She also supports regulation of food prices to promote the choice of healthy over unhealthy foods. To keep her children active, she enrolled them in competitive team swimming, where they became eligible to attend the AAU Junior Olympic Games.Altwaijri is a Principal Investigator for the Saudi National Mental Health Survey, a broad-based investigation assessing the impact of mental illness in Saudi communities. No research into this area had been done previously in Saudi Arabia, even though the 
World Health Organization (WHO) reports that five of the ten most burdensome diseases in the world involve mental health. In addition to Saudi government and educational institutions, this research involves international collaboration with Harvard University, the University of Michigan, and the World Health Organization. The study, which was initiated in 2009, had the goal of visiting the homes of 5,000 men and women to interview people from across the country. 86% of interviewees were willing to participate.

Obesity in Saudi Arabia
Obesity, and specifically childhood obesity, is on the rise around the world. This trend is mostly seen in developed countries, but it is also seen in developing countries, including the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe. Saudi Arabia has seen an increase in childhood obesity and one in every six children in Saudi Arabia is obese. These trends correlate to lack of exercise, problems with focusing at school, and a decrease in playing with other children. Among the adult population, there is a prevalence of 42.4% obesity in males and 31.8% obesity in females. This rise in obesity puts a major strain on the healthcare system in Saudi Arabia as it is a risk factor for more serious diseases, such as cardiovascular disease. It can be attributed to the recent strengthening of the economy in Saudi Arabia. The accelerating economy was accompanied by a more "westernized" diet with more nutritional concerns.

Women in science
Altwaijri chairs the Saudi Women in Science Committee, a national network of female scientists from Saudi Arabia.  She encourages Saudi women to enter scientific and technological fields, arguing that women scientists can use electronic forms of communication to collaborate and do significant work without "cross[ing] the boundaries of our societal norms and customs."  She indicates that restrictions such as the ban on women drivers make it difficult for women to go to work or to visit a fitness center.Altwaijri is one of thirty-five women featured in the book Arab Women Rising, which includes women from Tunisia to Saudi Arabia.  She was included in the BBC's 2014 list featuring 100 Women internationally.


This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Massachusetts.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.There are 139 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 5 National Historic Landmarks.

          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted February 25, 2022.

Current listings
Former listings
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massachusetts


The Future Of Jobs Fund was a UK government initiative introduced in 2009 which aimed to help long term unemployed people back into employment. It was cut by the Coalition government, Prime Minister David Cameron claiming the scheme was "expensive, badly targeted and did not work". However, a 2012 report by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) found that the scheme produced a net benefit though tax receipts and a reduced benefits bill. It estimated that the FJF programme resulted in:

a net benefit to participants of approximately £4,000 per participant
a net benefit to employers of approximately £6,850 per participant
a net cost to the Exchequer of approximately £3,100 per participant
a net benefit to society of approximately £7,750 per participantUnder the baseline assumptions, the total net cost of the programme to the Exchequer was estimated to be approximately £330m. The gross cost to the
Exchequer was approximately £720m but it is estimated to have recouped roughly 50 pence for each pound that was spent on the programme.

See also
New Deal of the Mind


Elizabeth Sager Sharp CNM, DrPH, FAAN, FACNM, (December 16, 1933 - February 7, 2016) was an American nurse and midwife who specialized in maternal and newborn health. In 1999, she received the American College of Nurse-Midwives' Hattie Hemschemeyer Award.Sharp started to work as a midwife at Holland City Hospital in Holland, Michigan. She continued her nurse training at Yale University, graduating in 1959. She was taught by Ernestine Wiedenbach. She also worked with Ruth Lubic. Sharp received a doctorate in public health from Johns Hopkins University.Sharp set up the Yale Young Mothers program to support teenage mothers. She believed that midwifery services must include family planning.In 1970 Sharp moved to Georgia. She was one of the founders of the midwife service at Grady Memorial Hospital (the Emory University Nurse-Midwifery Service). In the 1970s Sharp set up a graduate midwifery training program, the Emory University Nurse-Midwifery Program, at Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing at Emory University. She was also one of the founders of the Graduate School of Public Health at Emory.Sharp was president of the American College of Nurse-Midwives between 1973 and 1975. She is said to have "the credit for [setting up] midwifery in Georgia”.After her death at the age of 82, a scholarship was set up in her name at Emory University. Her role in the history of midwifery and nursing has been studied.

Publications
"Relationships between Professions: From the Viewpoint of the Physician and Nurse‐Midwife in a Tertiary Center" (1981), with W. Newton Long, in Bulletin of the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics Vol. III, No. 3. pp. 184–200, and then in Journal of Nurse-Midwifery, 1982
"Nurse-midwifery education: its successes, failures, and future" (1983), in Journal of Nurse-Midwifery, 28(2):17-23

References
External links
Elizabeth Sager Sharp: December 16, 1933 - February 07, 2016Nixon is the fifth studio album by American rock band Lambchop. It was released on February 7, 2000 and was issued by Merge Records and City Slang.
Nixon became a breakthrough release for Lambchop in the United Kingdom, where it received critical acclaim and was named among the best albums of 2000 by numerous publications.

Composition
Nixon has been described as a merging of chamber pop, countrypolitan, and R&B sounds alongside "sweet" soul music.

Artwork and title
The title Nixon alludes to Richard Nixon and was derived from the album's cover artwork, which is a painting by Wayne White, a friend of Lambchop frontman Kurt Wagner. "He always plays around with slogans or words. He considered the material on the Nixon album to be tragicomic, and an image of Nixon came to mind," Wagner explained.

Release
Nixon was released on February 7, 2000 by Lambchop's European label City Slang, and on February 8, 2000 by the band's American label Merge Records. It peaked at number 60 on the UK Albums Chart. "Up with People" was released as a single from the album on May 2, 2000, reaching number 66 on the UK Singles Chart. According to The Guardian's John Aizlewood, Nixon established Lambchop as "standard bearers" for alternative country music, and "proved that the genre could be commercially viable if it painted its off-kilter pictures of redemption and loss in glorious Technicolor rather than mealy-mouthed monochrome."

Critical reception
Nixon was released to highly positive reviews from music critics, receiving a score of 84 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim". The album was particularly well received by the British music press. NME critic Gavin Martin deemed it Lambchop's best record and said that its "sheer sonorous delight" justified comparisons to The Beach Boys' 1966 album Pet Sounds, while Allan Jones of Uncut praised Nixon as "one of the first great records of the new millennium". At the end of 2000, Nixon was named one of the year's best albums by numerous British publications, including Uncut (who ranked it as the best album of 2000), Mojo, NME, and Q.Nixon was later included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.

Track listing
All tracks are written by Kurt Wagner, except where noted.

Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.

Charts
References
External links
Nixon at Discogs (list of releases)For Independence (Itsenäisyyden Puolesta) was a right-wing political organization operating in Finland in the 1970s and 1980s, which opposed the influence of the Soviet Union in Finland, the policy of President Urho Kekkonen and socialism.

History and activities
For Independence began its activities in Helsinki in the autumn of 1971 and was registered in April 1972. Local branches were also established in Lahti, Tampere, Turku and Vaasa. The first president of the association and the original central figure was the publisher Kauko Kare. In 1968 around him had formed a group called the Thursday Club, which also published the magazine Nootti. For Independence gathered together right-wing critics of President Kekkonen. It was co-founded by several individuals who later joined the Constitutional Right Party (POP). Well-known hard-right politicians such as Tuure Junnila and Georg C. Ehrnrooth spoke at the organization’s events. However, For Independence was non-partisan. Members of the Board included politicians from multiple parties that opposed "Soviet hegemony".
In the autumn of 1974, a national umbrella organization, Popular Association For Independence, was established and journalist Heikki S. Eskelinen was elected chairman. A couple of years later, Eskelinen also replaced Kare as head of the Helsinki chapter. During Eskelinen's leadership, contacts were also established with the anti-communist Finnish Society Support (SYT) and the Business Commission (EVA). For Independence published in 1977 the pamphlet "Beware of the revolution" of which more than 30,000 copies were distributed through SYT.For Independence supported parliamentarism but included several far-right activists, such as historian Mikko Uola. It was also linked to the Independent Finnish Youth (SIN), a youth organization that had been established in the early 1970s led by Jouni Lanamäki. SIN had been originally named Patriotic National Movement (IKL) after the fascist Patriotic People's Movement (IKL) and was connected to the neo-nazi Nordic Realm Party (NRP).In the 1980s, For Independence also supported Estonian separatism by disseminating information on the subject and organizing emigrant Estonians to speak at its events. In the 1980s, it became a member of the World Anti-Communist League, an international umbrella organization for anti-communism. For Independence ceased to be active after the end of the Cold War.

North Star organization
The organisation's chairman, Heikki Eskelinen, and its secretary, First Lieutenant Pertti Olavi Riutta, became embroiled in a conspiracy involving espionage in the early 1980s. In 1978, Riutta founded a secret military organization called the North Star, which was intended to be a resistance movement should the Soviet Union occupy Finland. He recruited a two-digit number of members from For Independence, including officers and police. Riutta stole firearms, hand grenades and explosives from the Finnish Defense Forces for the use of the North Star. Riutta and Eskelinen provided the French intelligence service with information concerning the Soviet Union, in return for printing the Swiss Total Resistance manual that Riutta had translated into Finnish.
When the activities came to the attention of the Finnish Security Intelligence Service, Eskelinen and Riutta were arrested in April 1982. In addition to them, a dozen people were interrogated. These explained that they thought it was a sensitive but officially approved act, so the charges - titled “Deliberate gathering of information for a foreign state in a manner detrimental to Finland's relations with foreign states" - were limited to Eskelinen and Riutta. In March 1984, the Supreme Court sentenced Riutta and Eskelinen to imprisonment for espionage in favor of France, as well as for firearm and explosive offences.


Keith Aubrey Jones (born 14 October 1965) is an English retired professional footballer, best remembered for his time as a midfielder in the Football League with Brentford and Charlton Athletic. He also played for Southend United, Chelsea, Reading and was capped by England at youth level. He later became a youth and women's coach.

Club career
Chelsea and Brentford (1983–1991)
A midfielder, Jones began his career in the Chelsea youth system and made his senior debut in a 3–0 Second Division defeat to Barnsley on 26 March 1983. After one further appearance late in the 1982–83 season, he returned to the youth team and would not appear again until 1984–85, by which time the Blues had been promoted to the First Division. Injuries allowed Jones to break through into the team in September 1984 and he remained a squad player until September 1987, when he dropped down to the Third Division to join Brentford for a tribunal-fixed fee of £40,000. By the beginning of the 1988–89 season, Jones had been appointed club captain and was a part of the Bees teams which reached the sixth round of the 1988–89 FA Cup and the 1991 Third Division play-off semi-finals. His efforts during the 1990–91 season were recognised with his inclusion in the Third Division PFA Team of the Year. In October 1991, a contract dispute with manager Phil Holder saw Jones transfer to Second Division Southend United for a tribunal-fixed fee of £175,000.

Southend United, Charlton Athletic and Reading (1991–2002)
Despite making over 100 appearances for the club, Jones' four years with Southend United yielded little success on the pitch and he transferred to First Division rivals Charlton Athletic for a £150,000 fee in September 1994. In just under six years at The Valley, he was a part of two teams which won promotion to the Premier League – the first in 1998 after victory in the First Division play-off Final and the second two years later, when the club won the First Division title. Jones was transfer-listed in May 2000 and signed a two-year contract with Second Division club Reading on a free transfer on 1 July 2000. Now the twilight years of his career, Jones was utilised as a squad player and was a part of the team which won automatic promotion to the First Division on the final day of the 2001–02 season. He was released in May 2002 and retired from football.

International career
Jones was capped by England at schoolboy and youth level.

Coaching career
Jones began his coaching career in 2000, while still a player. He coached at Chelsea and Tooting & Mitcham United, before moving to the United States in 2006 to coach Atlanta Silverbacks Women. Jones moved to Arizona youth club SC del Sol in 2009.

Career statistics
Honours
As a player
Charlton Athletic

Football League First Division: 1999–00
Football League First Division play-offs: 1997–98Reading

Football League Second Division second-place promotion: 2001–02

As a manager
Atlanta Silverbacks Women

USL W-League Central Conference: 2007
USL W-League Atlantic Division: 2007

As an individual
USL W-League Coach of the Year: 2007
Football League Third Division PFA Team of the Year: 1990–91
Football League Young Eagle of the Month: December 1984

References
External links
Keith Jones at Soccerbase 
Keith Jones at premierleague.comPrabhu Sah (Nepali: प्रभु साह) is a Nepalese politician and a former Minister of Urban Development of Government of Nepal. He belongs to CPN (UML).

Political life
In the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Rautahat 3 (constituency), winning 11,625 votes. In the 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election  he was elected from the Rautahat 3 (constituency), winning 13,009 votes. He was elected, in the elections held in 2017, as a member of the House of Representatives from his home district. Sah also served as  Minister for Law and Constitutional Affairs under Jhalanath Khanal cabinet in 2011, also Minister of Urban Development under Sher Bahadur Deuba cabinet and Minister of Land Management, Cooperatives and Poverty Alleviation.

Literature
He wrote many books inspired by his life. Some of them are Madheshi Mukti ka Aadharharu, Mera Yatana Ka 270 Deen haru, Janayudha ra Madhesi Mukti ko Karyadisa, etc.

Electoral history
He was elected to the Member of House of Representatives in 2017, Member of 2013 Constituent Assembly and Member of 2008 Constituent Assembly.
2017 legislative elections 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

2013 Constituent Assembly election 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

 2008 Constituent Assembly election 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

See also
2021 split in Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre)


The Minister of Industry and Commerce is a former cabinet position in the province of Manitoba, Canada.
The department's origins can be traced back to 1932, when John Stewart McDiarmid was appointed as minister of Mines and Natural Resources, and for Industry.  The department was renamed as "Industry and Commerce" in 1940.
The position was eliminated in 1978, and its responsibilities dispersed among other departments.

List of Ministers of Industry and Commerce
References

McDiarmid was styled as Minister of Industry until November 4, 1940.Heinrich "Heinz" Kurschildgen, called the "goldmaker of Hilden", was a charlatan in pre-World War II Germany. He made numerous people, including Nazi leader Heinrich Himmler, believe that he was able to make valuable resources such as gold, radium or petrol out of base materials.

Weimar Republic: gold and radium
In 1914, the young Kurschildgen began an apprenticeship in a dye factory in Hilden. Fascinated by the chemicals he worked with, he cobbled together a chemical laboratory of his own and after a short time claimed to have made numerous sensational discoveries. He convinced   several investors that he had found a way to make gold, and was prosecuted for fraud in 1922. Kurschildgen was, however, found to be not criminally responsible because of dementia praecox, and the case was dismissed on the condition that Kurschildgen stop approaching investors with gold-making schemes.Complying with this restriction, Kurschildgen then began claiming that he was able to synthesize radium, a very rare and expensive radioactive element. He demonstrated his "transmutation" of uranium oxide into radium to physicists of the University of Cologne, but declined to explain his procedure. When the newspapers took up his claims, the Physikalisch-Technische Reichsanstalt examined them and found them to be fraudulent. In May 1928, as a result of the publicity Kurschildgen now enjoyed, the apothecary of his hometown Hilden had a bust of Kurschildgen installed in town, mockingly dedicated to the "genius goldmaker".In 1929, Kurschildgen returned to the gold-making business. He unsuccessfully contacted the German president Paul von Hindenburg as well as Reichsbank president Hjalmar Schacht with proposals to manufacture gold to pay back Germany's World War I reparations. With private backers, Kurschildgen had more success, obtaining an advance of 100,000 Reichsmark from a Cologne businessman and an offer of 1 million marks from an American millionaire called Harris. In 1930, 15 of his defrauded clients brought criminal charges against him, and after being found criminally responsible (if "not very intelligent") this time, he was convicted to 18 months imprisonment. The news of his trial and conviction was reported as far away as Australia.

Nazi Germany: petrol
After his release from prison, Kurschildgen sought the attention of the new Nazi government with claims of being able to make petrol from water. He was visited by Wilhelm Keppler, Hitler's scientific advisor, and agreed to reveal his methods to the Reichspatentamt as well as to surrender the exclusive rights to his invention to the government. After his claims seized the interest of high-ranking Nazis such as Werner Best and SS leader Heinrich Himmler, the Gestapo received a warning that Kurschildgen was prone to "fantastic experiments". He was visited by party leaders in his laboratory, who were not convinced by his petrol-making apparatus, and ordered the inventor with all his machinery to be moved to the Physikalisch-Technische Reichsanstalt in Berlin.After the physicists of the Reichsanstalt declared his contraption to be useless, Kurschildgen became a factor in Party intrigues. Joseph Goebbels sneered in a diary entry of 27 January 1935:

"Himmler ist auf einen Gold- und Benzinmacher Kurschildgen hereingefallen. Wollte mich auch beschwindeln. Ich hab ihn gleich erkannt."
(Himmler fell for a gold and petrol maker, Kurschildgen. He wanted to defraud me, too. I recognized him at once.)Kurschildgen was detained at the Columbia-Haus concentration camp in 1936, and sentenced by a criminal court to three years of imprisonment. He was released early for "diligence and good behavior" in 1938, but was soon rearrested on Himmler's orders, who feared that Kurschildgen would reveal his involvement with the SS and thereby embarrass Himmler. Kurschildgen however successfully petitioned Gestapo head Reinhard Heydrich to obtain his definitive release.

After the war: attempts at rehabilitation
After the end of World War II, Kurschildgen unsuccessfully sought to be recognized as a victim of Nazi persecution, claiming that "the Gestapo would stop at nothing to get at my invention". He retained his old acquaintance Werner Best as legal counsel, whom he had supported in de-Nazification proceedings by testifying to Best's good conduct towards detainees.Best proposed requesting a pardon for the 1936 conviction, which Kurschildgen refused. Kurschildgen then spent years trying to have his conviction overturned, which the Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf ultimately declined to do.

Further reading
Kurschildgen's exploits are reported in The goldmakers: 10,000 years of alchemy by Kurt Karl Doberer (1948), The natural science of stupidity by Paul Tabori (1962) and (under the heading "worst alchemist") in Best, worst, and most unusual by Bruce Felton and Mark Fowler (1985).


Sankaty (a.k.a. HMCS Sankaty, a.k.a. Charles A. Dunning) was a propeller-driven steamer that served as a ferry to Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket in Massachusetts; in Rockland, Maine; Stamford, Connecticut and Oyster Bay, Long Island in the United States from 1911 to 1940. During World War II, the ship was requisitioned by the Royal Canadian Navy for service as a minelayer and maintenance vessel along the Canadian Atlantic coast. Following the war the ship returned to a ferry, working the  Wood Islands, Prince Edward Island and Caribou, Nova Scotia route in Canada from 1947 until 1964. While being towed to the breaker's yard, the ship sank off the coast of Nova Scotia on October 27, 1964.

Description
Sankaty was designed by Chauncey G. Whiton. The ship was 195 feet (59 m) long, a slim vessel with twin propellers and twin smokestacks. She had a 36-foot (11 m) beam, and 32 feet (10 m) at the waterline and drew 9 feet 6 inches (2.9 m) of water. The ship had a depth of hold of 13 feet (4.0 m). The ship had a gross register tonnage (GRT) of 657 tons. Sankaty rolled much more than the sidewheelers that preceded it. Because of this, the ladies' parlor and toilet was situated on the upper deck in a location to reduce the motion and vibration while on the rough waters of Vineyard Sound.The ship was powered by a triple expansion engine fed by steam from four Almy water-tube boilers turning the two propellers. The ship had a maximum speed of 14 knots (16 mph). In Canadian naval service, the ship had standard displacement of 459 long tons (466 t), a complement of 3 officers and 39 ratings and the vessel was armed with one .303 machine gun.

Career
Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Ferry
Sankaty  built by the Fore River Works in Quincy, Massachusetts with the yard number 192. The ship was launched on 2 February 1911 and completed in April. From her construction in 1911 until 1924, Sankaty operated as a ferry for the New Bedford, Martha's Vineyard & Nantucket Steamboat Company, serving the islands of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket. While not the first propeller-driven steamer to serve these islands (which was Helen Augusta which substituted for Monohansett during the American Civil War) it marked the end of the paddlewheel steamer era for the Cape and Islands.On 20 February, 1917 she went ashore on Wilburs Point at Sconticut Neck near New Bedford, Massachusetts. Refloated, repaired and returned to service.

1924 fire, Maine and New York Ferry Service
On the night of June 30, 1924, Sankaty caught fire and burned down to her steel hull while tied up overnight in New Bedford harbor. She drifted across the Acushnet River in flames and crashed into the whaling ship Charles W. Morgan, setting her on fire as well.Sankaty was raised, sold and rebuilt with an open deck for use as a car ferry in Rockland, Maine. Owned by the New England Steamship Company, the vessel was sold to Snow Marine Company in 1925. In 1931, the vessel was sold again, this time to the Stamford-Oyster Bay Ferries Corporation to serve as a ferry between Stamford, Connecticut, and Oyster Bay, Long Island.

Canadian service and fate
In 1940 Sankaty was purchased by Northumberland Ferries of Prince Edward Island, Canada, but before she began service she was requisitioned by the Royal Canadian Navy that year to serve in World War II as a minelayer, HMCS Sankaty. The ship was commissioned on 24 September 1940 at Halifax, Nova Scotia and was also used as a maintenance vessel. With the end of the war, the ship was paid off on 18 August 1945. Never entirely suitable for job as a minelayer, the ship was replaced in Canadian service by HMCS Whitethroat.After the war she was renamed Charles A. Dunning, and served from 1946 until 1964 in the waters between Wood Islands, Prince Edward Island and Caribou, Nova Scotia. During this period her capacity was twenty-three cars and four trucks. She was sold for scrap in 1964, but sank en route to Sydney, Nova Scotia on October 27, 1964.

The new Sankaty

In 1994, The Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority began service of a new freight vessel Sankaty, named after this steamer.


== Notes ==Jean-Michel Moreau (26 March 1741 – 30 November 1814), also called Moreau le Jeune ("the younger"), was a French draughtsman, illustrator and engraver.

Biography
Moreau le Jeune, as he is usually called, was born in Paris. He was the pupil of the painter Louis-Joseph Le Lorrain who accompanied his master to St Petersburg in 1758 when Le Lorrain went to be the first director of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Fine Arts established the previous year, where Moreau briefly taught drawing before returning to Paris in 1759, after Le Lorrain's unexpected death.

He worked for the engraver Jacques-Philippe Lebas, producing reproductive drawings of contemporary paintings and those of Old Masters for engravers to work from and learning etching During the 1760s he also provided drawings to be engraved for the Recueil d’antiquités of the comte de Caylus, who kept a benevolent watch over him. For Diderot and Alembert’s Encyclopédie he provided pen and wash drawings for the engravers, illustrating artisanal processes. As an engraver he collaborated with François Boucher, Hubert Gravelot and others on illustrations for an edition of Ovid’s Metamorphoses.In 1765 Moreau married Françoise-Nicole Pineau, daughter of François Pineau, master sculptor, and Jeanne-Marie Prault - whose father was Pierre Prault, patriarch of a family of publishers, privilègiés du Roi.
In 1770 he succeeded Charles-Nicolas Cochin as chief Dessinateur des Menus Plaisirs du Roi, on Cochin's recommendation, which occasioned his prints celebrating the marriage of the Dauphin and his coronation as Louis XVI; in 1781, in part on the strength of these productions he was appointed Dessinateur et Graveur du Cabinet du Roi, which brought an annual pension and lodgings in the galleries of the Palais du Louvre. Now he found that he required the services of other engravers to reproduce his own designs, which included illustrations for the  Chansons of Jean-Benjamin de La Borde (1773), the collected works of Rousseau (1773–82) and of Voltaire (printed at Brussels, 1782–9). For the Menus Plaisirs, the office that produced and executed all the designs for settings of court festivities and recorded them in presentation drawings, he recorded many occasions such as his famous pen-and-wash record of the inauguration in September 1771 of Mme du Barry's Pavillon de Louveciennes (illustration, right). He still found time for intimate portrait drawings in charcoal and chalks

Moreau's name appears in the 1778 roster of Les Neuf Soeurs, the masonic lodge named for the Muses that had been founded two years previously by the astronomer Jérôme Lalande, and which served as a forum for progressive ideas.
He traveled to Italy for six months in 1785 and wasagrée at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture in 1780 and received there as a full member in 1789. The French Revolution, with which Moreau was in sympathy, did not hinder his success as an illustrator, providing engravers with pen and wash drawings to replicate, as for a French translation of the Aeneid published in 1804 In 1793 Moreau was appointed to the commission temporaire des arts and in 1797 was made a professor at the newly reformed écoles centrales. With the Bourbon restoration in 1814 Louis XVIII appointed him once again to a royal office. He died in Paris.
In his prolific career his best-known works are those twenty-four illustrations that record fashionable dress and interiors of the last years of the Ancien Régime, his contributions to the Monument du costume physique et morale, twelve as a Suite d'estampes pour servir à l'histoire dews mœurs des François au dix-huitième siècle, 1776 and 1777, and twelve more in the Troisième Suite d'éstampes pour servir a l'Histoire des Moeurs et du Costume..., 1783, published by his uncle by marriage, L.-F. Prault, and many times re-issued in varying formats, notably in a collection in 1789 with text by Restif de la Bretonne. Each of the first dozen of these vignettes of stylish contemporary life has an element of anecdote, reporting in a cohesive and unified manner "a highly idealized vision of an aristocratic family's approach to childbearing and motherhood based on the philosophy of Rousseau" (Heller-Greenman). In the second suite, a hint of criticism of aristocratic duplicity in affairs of the heart can be discerned and some rural vignettes vertueuses (sentimental and virtuous) provide a contrasting social world in the manner of Greuze.
Moreau le Jeune's reputation was resuscitated from oblivion in the later nineteenth century by the connoisseurs of the dix-huitième Edmond and Jules de Goncourt.

Notes
Further reading
Adrien Moureau. Les Moreaus (Librairie de L'Art, 1893).
Marie-Joseph-François Mahérault, 1979. L'œuvre gravé de Jean-Michel Moreau le jeune (1741–1814) : catalogue raisonné et descriptif avec notes iconographiques et bibliographiques, suivi d'un catalogue raisonné de gravures d'après Moreau et d'un supplément contenant un catalogue des dessins de Moreau (Amsterdam)
Edmond et Jules Goncourt L'art du  dix-huitème siècle Tome II, (Paris: Rapilly, 1874) - chapter devoted to Moreau, pages 151 to 232
Jean Chrétien Ferdinand Hoefer, Nouvelle Biographie générale, t. 36, Paris, Firmin-Didot, 1861, p.495-7
Dorothy P. Arthur et David Smith, Sur un collaborateur énigmatique de l'Encyclopédie : Jean-Michel Moreau dit le Jeune, Recherches sur Diderot et sur l'Encyclopédie, 2008, no°43, p.145-157

External links
(Getty Museum) Jean-Michel Moreau le Jeune
(Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco) Several drawings
Bernadine Heller-Greenman, "Moreau le Jeune and the Monument du Costume", Athanor 20 (On-line text, pdf format)
Biographie de Jean-Michel Moreau (the death date 1819 is a misprint.)Rufus King Howell (1820 – October 4, 1890) was a Justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court from April 3, 1865, to January 9, 1877.In 1865, Howell was appointed by Governor James Madison Wells to the newly constituted post-Civil War court. Although he formally held his seat until January 1877, he did not participate in the last sitting of the court held in that month. The court was thereafter completely replaced by the new Democratic administration which took over the state government at that time.


Trenton Thunder Ballpark, formerly known as Mercer County Waterfront Park and Arm & Hammer Park, is a ballpark in Trenton, New Jersey. It is the home park for the Trenton Thunder, a collegiate summer baseball team of the MLB Draft League. They were previously a Double-A level Minor League Baseball team of the Eastern League (1980–2020). For 2021, it served as temporary home of Triple-A East's Buffalo Bisons, as their regular stadium, Sahlen Field, was being used by the Toronto Blue Jays due to travel restrictions brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. The official seating capacity is 6,440.

History
The park was built for the 1994 season, although it opened several weeks late due to a rough winter that hampered construction. The sod also was unable to take properly that season, and the field did not properly drain, leading to rainouts on evenings where the sun had been out since noon. The drainage problem was fixed in 1995.
The stadium's original name was "Mercer County Waterfront Park" when it opened in 1994. "Samuel J. Plumeri, Sr. Field" was added to the original name in 1999 by Trenton Thunder owner, Joe Plumeri (Chairman and CEO of Willis Group Holdings).  Samuel J. Plumeri, Sr. was Joe Plumeri's father. In November 2012, the New Jersey-based Arm & Hammer purchased the ballpark's naming rights. Following the 2020 season the sponsorship was discontinued as the professional minor league Thunder lost their affiliation as part of the 2021 reorganization of Minor League Baseball.On July 8, 1996, the ballpark hosted the Double-A All-Star Game in which a team of National League-affiliated All-Stars defeated a team of American League-affiliated All-Stars, 6–2, before 8,369 people in attendance.In June 2014, the park hosted the first-ever, gold– and bronze–medal games in baseball for the Special Olympics USA National Games. In 2018, it hosted the Eastern League All-Star Game.

Attendance records
The ballpark set a record for game attendance on July 3, 2011, when the Thunder played the Altoona Curve. The game had the fortune of falling on the Independence Day holiday weekend, as well as featuring an injury rehabilitation appearance by Derek Jeter of the New York Yankees, the Thunder's major league affiliate at the time. The official attendance for the game was 9,212.When Alex Rodriguez played two games on back-to-back nights in August 2013, the official attendance was reported at 8,080 and 8,113, respectively.

Features
While the outfield in left and center field is covered with advertising signs that obscure views of Route 29 and nearby houses, the right field fence was kept as a short structure so that fans could see the Delaware River and Pennsylvania beyond. The river is also an inviting target for left-handed sluggers, several of whom have deposited baseballs into the water. Similar to Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio and its river border with Kentucky, the ballpark also holds the possibility of having someone "hit one out of the state" since the middle of the Delaware River is the border with Pennsylvania.
On June 7, 1994, Tony Clark became the first player to hit a fair ball into the Delaware.The stadium anchors an area of rejuvenation in Trenton that also includes office buildings, nightclubs, and the CURE Insurance Arena, several blocks away, for ice hockey, basketball and arena football.

References
External links
Trenton Thunder
Arm & Hammer Park Views - Ball Parks of the Minor LeaguesOf the Farm is a 1965 novel by the American author John Updike. Of the Farm was his fourth novel.  The story concerns Joey Robinson, a divorced, thirty-five-year-old Manhattan advertising executive who visits his mother on her unfarmed farm in rural Pennsylvania.  He has come with his new wife, Peggy and her son, Richard, a precocious eleven-year-old.  The novel explores both Joey's relationship to his widowed mother, a flinty woman who reveres her farm, and to Peggy, a kind, sensual woman.  Joey feels guilt for leaving his mother, and anger at her stubborn refusal to leave the farm, and anger at her from having uprooted his late father from the suburbs to move to the farm decades ago.  Joey is buffeted by doubt, angst, and anger, and is pinballed between his dueling mother and Peggy.


The Texas Defence of Marriage Act is an act that specifies that US State of Texas does not recognise same-sex marriage or civil union.
The statute was enacted in 2003, it made void in Texas any same-sex marriage or civil union. This statute also prohibits the state or any agency or political subdivision of the state from giving effect to same-sex marriages or civil unions performed in other jurisdictions.The act was signed by Governor Rick Perry in 2003.Subsequently Texas Proposition 2 (2005) wrote similar restrictions into the state constitution.
Early appeals based on the unconstitutionality of the restrictions have been lost, or lost on appeal.
On 26 February 2014 San Antonio-based Judge Orlando Garcia struck down the Texas state ban on same sex marriage stating that the "current prohibition has no legitimate governmental purpose."  A stay has been granted awaiting appeal.

See also
LGBT history in Texas
Same-sex marriage law in the United States by state


Mass Effect: Deception is a novel by writer William C. Dietz set in the Mass Effect universe. Published in 2012 by Del Rey Books, it is the fourth novel set in the Mass Effect universe, and continues the story of the previous three novels. Deception is notable for the negative reception from fans of the Mass Effect series, which prompted significant coverage from media outlets. In response to the negative reception, BioWare announced in February 2012 that they intended to revise the novel's content for future editions of Deception. No rewrite has been announced or published ever since.

Plot
Cerberus assassin Kai Leng journeys to the ancient city of Thondu on the batarian homeworld of Khar'shan to retrieve an item in an auction of rare goods and artifacts. The item in question is the design for a DNA-specific bio-weapon tailored to target the Illusive Man, the leader of Cerberus, and which could potentially affect thousands of people distantly related to him. Leng snatches the design and makes his escape.
On the Citadel, David Anderson, Kahlee Sanders, and Nick Donahue prepare to speak to the Citadel Council about Paul Grayson's attack on the Grissom Academy. At the Citadel Tower, Anderson and Sanders inform the Council of the Reapers' involvement, but the Councilors are unconvinced and prefer to argue that Grayson was acting on behalf of Cerberus, even after they are shown Grayson's Reaper-mutated corpse. Anderson and Sanders are told to continue their investigation. After the presentation, they find that Nick has disappeared. They go to The Cube, a gym for biotics, to see if he had gone there early, but no luck. A volus attendant at The Cube directs them to Ocosta Lem and Arrius Sallus, a salarian and a turian that Nick had been seen with on earlier visits. Lem and Sallus's address turns out to be fake, and Anderson and Sanders come to conclusion that Nick is missing.
Kai Leng meets with the Illusive Man on an abandoned mining world in the Crescent Nebula. The Illusive Man orders Leng to steal Paul Grayson's body and begin observing Anderson and Sanders; their recent activities on the Citadel have drawn unwelcome attention to Cerberus.
Elsewhere in the galaxy, the batarian slave ship Glory of Khar'shan attacks the quarian ship Idenna, carrying Gillian Grayson and Hendel Mitra, who are part of the ship's security team. When the batarians disable the Idenna's drives and board it, Gillian and Mitra help defend the ship. With Gillian's help, the quarians gain the upper hand and charge onto the Glory of Khar'shan. One of the ship's freed slaves is Hal McCann, a former Cerberus operative who worked on the space station where Paul Grayson had been experimented on with Reaper technology. McCann keeps this fact to himself, but does tell Gillian that her father had been killed and persuades her that information on who killed her father could be found on the Citadel. Deciding to track down her father's killer, Gillian commandeers the Glory of Khar'shan and brings Mitra and McCann with her.
Anderson and Sanders find a message from Nick at their apartment. Nick explains that he left to join a group known as the Biotic Underground that advocates biotic supremacy over all of the galaxy's races. Anderson uses contacts in C-Sec to dig up info on where Nick had gone. Videos show Nick leaving with Ocosta Lem and Arrius Sallus, members of the Biotic Underground.

Reception
Response to the novel has been very negative, prompting many fans to petition BioWare to disregard the novel as canon. Some fans resorted to crowd-sourced fact-checking and created Google Docs files highlighting scores of continuity errors, and a fan uploaded a video of themselves burning a copy of the novel on the internet. Robert Purchese from Eurogamer commented, "One explanation for the book's shoddy standards is it's not written by Drew Karpyshyn, writer of the previous three Mass Effect novels as well as lead writer of Mass Effect and co-lead writer of Mass Effect 2." On February 3, 2012, Penny Arcade posted a blog entry and webcomic  about this issue. That same day, BioWare staff member Chris Priestly posted a message on the official forums with an apology to fans as follows:
The teams at Del Rey and BioWare would like to extend our sincerest apologies to the Mass Effect fans for any errors and oversights made in the recent novel Mass Effect: Deception.  We are currently working on a number of changes that will appear in future editions of the novel.
Kirk Hamilton from Kotaku and Purchese both noted that the novel's publishers, and the game's creators vowed to essentially patch the book and fixing those errors in the next print run. Erik Sofge from Popular Mechanics observed that "this wasn't mere fanboy griping, but a serious backfire—shattering continuity, instead of expanding it—" and that "the game-centric take on pulp is a strategic assault with a demand for solid command and control—and the empire pays the price when the details aren't correct."Tom Dowd highlighted the controversy over Deception's continuity errors when discussing BioWare's difficulty with cross-property continuity in his book Storytelling Across Worlds: Transmedia for Creatives and Producers , noting that it was embarrassing for BioWare as they were positioning themselves in the video game industry as a developer "who is all about storytelling". Dowd noted that fans may quickly lose faith when they perceive that producers of the material are not taking continuity seriously, which implies a lack of respect for the intellectual property. He argued that "Continuity maintenance is mandatory for a transmedia storytelling property, and sometimes requires going to great efforts to ensure".

See also
List of novels based on video games

References
External links
Deception title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database"Bean Torrach, fa Tuar Broide", also known as "A Child Born in Prison", is a 14th-century Early Modern Irish poem by Gofraidh Fionn Ó Dálaigh.

The Text (extract)
The following are the first three verses of the poem, followed by an English translation.

Translation

On the subject
Review: Athnuachan an traidisiúin .

External links
http://www.leabharmor.net/leabharmor/Bean%20Torrach,%20fa%20Tuar%20Broide.aspxThe Journal of Ayurveda and Integrative Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal on ayurvedic medicine. It was established in 2010. The editor-in-chief is Bhushan Patwardhan.

Funding
The journal is funded by the government of India's Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy.

Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in EBSCO Databases, Scopus, and PubMed Central.

See also
The Ayurvedic Trust

References
External links
Official websiteBabe Plunket Greene (born 27 October 1907; died 4 November 1987), birth registered as Enid Margot Bendir, was one of the 1920s socialites known as the "Bright Young Things". She also used the surname of her mother's first husband, McGusty, and the first name "Marguerite".

Her mother, Ernestine Marguerite "Margot" Erskine, was a granddaughter of the Earl of Kellie. At the time of Babe's birth, her mother was married to Richard Murray McGusty, of a family of Dublin solicitors, who worked in Canada for the government. Babe's biological father was Arthur Bendir, with whom her mother had an affair starting in 1906, and eventually married in 1921, having divorced McGusty in 1908 following the child's birth. Arthur Bendir was the Chairman of Ladbrokes, which he founded in 1902, and immensely rich, although some, including Evelyn Waugh, made demeaning references to his "common" origins. Despite her name being recorded as "Bendir" at birth, Babe used the name "McGusty", presumably to obscure her illegitimate origins.She played a leading role in the hedonistic activities of the Bright Young Things, usually in the company of her friends Sylvia Ashley and Elizabeth Ponsonby (the latter also a cousin by marriage). In 1926 she married David Plunket Greene (19 November 1904 – 24 February 1941), the son of the singer Harry Plunket Greene. His mother, Gwendoline Maud, was the daughter of the composer Hubert Parry, with whom Harry Plunket Greene had collaborated. The marriage was short-lived, ending in divorce in 1928.
She was also romantically involved with the Winchester-educated Anthony Herbert de Bosdari, son of the Italian banker Count Maurizio de Bosdari, allowing Anthony and his brothers to use the title of Count. Anthony de Bosdari's romantic entanglements are somewhat unclear; he was engaged to the actress Enid Stamp Taylor in 1926; married, for a brief period in 1928 (from March 15 to October 31), to Josephine Fish, an American heiress; and was engaged to Tallulah Bankhead from the end of 1928 to May 1929. In 1931 he was engaged to marry the Duchess of Croÿ (born Helen Lewis, of American origin). Bosdari and Babe, having married in October 1929, divorced in 1935, following several years of separation, and the unlawfulness of Bosdari's divorce from Josephine Fish came to light. According to the writer Alec Waugh, Bosdari was a friend in the 1920s who was interned by the Germans during the Second World War and is said to have lived in North Africa or South America later.In Brian Howard: Portrait of a Failure, Marie-Jaqueline Lancaster mentions a third marriage of Babe's, to "an American Hollywood magnate" (p. 160). This was the German-born screenwriter and director Lothar Mendes. Their marriage record in 1935 gives the bride's surname as "Greene or McGustry  [sic] or Bendir".

References
External links
Portraits of Babe Plunket Greene at the National Portrait Gallery, LondonPaul Maximilian Heinrich Schneider von Esleben (28 August 1915 – 19 May 2005), known as Paul Schneider-Esleben, was a German architect.

Early life
Paul Schneider-Esleben was born in 1915 in Düsseldorf to Elisabeth and Franz Schneider-Esleben, an architect. Before completing his secondary school Abitur, he worked at his father's architectural practice and went on to study architecture at the University of Applied Sciences Stuttgart in 1937. He graduated in 1947; from 1939 to 1945 he suspended his studies to participate in the Second World War.

Career
Schneider-Esleben opened an architectural firm in Düsseldorf in 1949. His early designs, including the Hanielgarage—a multi-storey carpark constructed in 1951, and the building that made him famous—followed the principles of the New Objectivity movement of the 1920s. In 1955 he won a competition to design the expansion of Mannesmann-Hochhaus, Mannesmann's head office in Düsseldorf, which was the first German building to be constructed with a steel frame structure and curtain walls. He worked with artist members of Zero—Günther Uecker, Heinz Mack, Josef Piene and Joseph Beuys—in 1957–1961 to design the Rolandschule. From 1962 to 1970 he oversaw the redesign of the Cologne Bonn Airport into a layout that was adopted by numerous other international airports and led to his being hired as a consultant to architectural projects for many worldwide airports.Schneider-Esleben was a professor at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg from 1961 until 1972 as well as a visiting professor of the Vienna University of Technology in 1965. He was also a furniture designer, and often created specific furniture designs for his buildings, such as the "PSE 58" chair.Schneider-Esleben's work slowed in the 1970s as his modernist style became outdated in favour of postmodernism. He died in Tegernsee in 2005, aged 89.

Recognition and impact
Schneider-Esleben is credited as an influential figure in the post-World War II modernist architectural movement in Germany. An obituary published by Deutschlandfunk described him as a pioneer of modern architecture. He received the North Rhine-Westphalia State Prize for Architecture in 1956, the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1968 and 1987, and an honorary doctorate from RWTH Aachen University in 1993.In 2015, a retrospective of Schneider-Esleben's work was exhibited at the Architekturmuseum der Technischen Universität München, as part of the Pinakothek der Moderne in Munich. The exhibition marked the centenary of his birth.

Family
He was the father of Florian Schneider, one of the founding members of electronic music pioneers Kraftwerk.

References
External links
paul.schneider-esleben.de (in German)Saffron Jordan (born 23 July 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Blackburn Rovers.

Club career
Jordan signed for Blackburn in 2014. In July 2020 she signed a new one-year contract extension.Jordan is the Blackburn Rovers captain.

Personal life
Jordan has a dual-career and alongside football, works for the NHS.

Awards
Jordan was selected in the Her Football Hub team of the month for October 2021.


NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex assembly factor 4, (NDUFAF4) also known as Hormone-regulated proliferation-associated protein of 20 kDa, (HRPAP20) or C6orf66 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NDUFAF4 gene. NDUFAF4 is a mitochondrial assembly protein involved in the assembly of NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) also known as complex I, which is located in the mitochondrial inner membrane and is the largest of the five complexes of the electron transport chain. Mutations in this gene have been associated with complex I deficiency and infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy. Elevations in HRPAP20 have also been implicated in breast cancer.

Structure
NDUFAF4 is located on the q arm of chromosome 6 in position 16.1 and has 3 exons. The NDUFAF4 gene produces a 23.7 kDa protein composed of 203 amino acids. HRPAP20 is a phosphoprotein, containing a phosphate group attachment and, potentially, multiple kinase recognition sequences. Additionally, it has a CaM-binding sequence that allows it to interact with calmodulin (CaM), which itself is involved in numerous cellular processes.

Function
NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I) catalyzes the transfer of electrons from NADH to ubiquinone (coenzyme Q) in the first step of the mitochondrial respiratory chain, resulting in the translocation of protons across the inner mitochondrial membrane. NDUFAF4 encodes a complex I assembly factor that is important for the correct assembly and function of complex I. NDUFAF4 colocalizes, comigrates to several assembly intermediates, and is codependent with NDUFAF3 from the early to late stages of complex I assembly. In addition to their close interactions with each other, NDUFAF4 and NDUFAF3 interact with NDUFS2, NDUFS3, NDUFS8, and NDUFA5 in a translation-dependent early assembly mechanism. NDUFAF4 has also been shown to play a role in growth and apoptosis regulation through a CaM-mediated mechanism involving MMP-9 secretion.

Clinical significance
Mutations in NDUFAF4 (HRPAP20) have been associated with mitochondrial complex I deficiency, infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy. Additionally, research analyzing HRPAP20's effect on human cancer cells have suggested that it plays a role in tumor metastasis, malignant progression, and breast cancer.Mitochondrial diseases are disorders that are the result of the dysfunction of the mitochondrial respiratory chain. They can cause a wide range of clinical manifestations from lethal neonatal disease to adult-onset neurodegenerative disorders. Phenotypes include macrocephaly with progressive leukodystrophy, non-specific encephalopathy, cardiomyopathy, myopathy, liver disease, Leigh syndrome, Leber hereditary optic neuropathy, and some forms of Parkinson disease. Pathogenic mutations have been linked to changes in a 2.6 Mb critical region (97.17–99.77 Mb) on chromosome 6 and have included a T→C substitution at p. 194 in exon 2 that predicts a Leu65Pro variant. Clinically, NDUFAF4 mutations have been associated with infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, with lactic acidosis, nystagmus, hypotonia, cardiomyopathy, cerebral atrophy, and generalized tonic-clonic convulsions as some possible symptoms.HRPAP20 was found to be significantly elevated in patient breast tumors as compared to normal tissue. Further analysis using tumor cell lines with constitutively expressed HRPAP20 suggests that it increases the invasiveness, proliferation, and apoptotic suppression of breast cancer cells. This is often indicative of tumor metastasis and malignant progression.

Interactions
NDUFAF4 (HRPAP20) has been shown to interact closely with NDUFAF3 as well as with NDUFS2, NDUFS3, NDUFS8, and NDUFA5 in the mitochondrial inner membrane. HRPAP20 also interacts with calmodulin (CaM) in a mechanism that results in increased MMP-9 secretion, associated with increased invasiveness in breast cancer cells. In addition to co-complexes, NDUFAF4 has protein-protein interactions with WDR26.

References
Further reading

This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.Count Alexei Alexeevich Belevsky-Zhukovsky (Russian: Алексей Алексеевич Белёвский-Жуковский; 26 November 1871, Schloß Blühnbach, Salzburg – c. 1931 Caucasus) was the son of Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia and Alexandra Vasilievna, Baroness Seggiano. He was also, being the son of Grand Duke Alexei, a grandson of Alexander II of Russia.

Birth
Alexei Alexeevich was born to Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia, the son of Czar Alexander II of Russia, and Alexandra Vasilievna Zhukovskaya. His maternal grandfather was the famous poet Vasily Zhukovsky, who was the illegitimate son of a landowner named Afanasi Bunin and his Turkish housekeeper Salkha.

Controversy
It is still rumoured that  Alexei's parents married, however that has never been proven. But even if they were married, the marriage was morganatic, because Alexandra was born a "commoner," and not of a royal or formerly sovereign family.  When Alexei was born in Salzburg, he was known by his mother's family name. While his father tried to get a Russian title for his son, the Emperor Alexander II refused. However he managed to get a title for mother and son from the Republic of San Marino: on 24. March 1875 they were granted the title Baron Seggiano. Alexandra married the same year the Baron Christian-Henrich von Wohrmann. This might be taken as an indication that there was no marriage to the Grand Duke as she could have done so only after a divorce. No records exist of such a divorce.
Only after Alexander II had been murdered and Alexander III had become Emperor, the Grand Duke succeed to have his son created a Count. The title granted was on 21. March 1884 was Count Belevsky. The name was chosen from the village of Belyov in the province of Toula where his grandfather poet was born. In 1913 he was granted the right to add his grandfather's family name to his title just becoming Count Belevsky-Zhukovsky.

Marriage
Count Alexei married, on 29 August 1894 in Ilyinskoye manor, Princess Maria Petrovna Troubetskaya (18 June 1872 Russia – 20 March 1954 Paris), the daughter of Prince Petr Troubetskoy. As Ilyinskoye was the property of his uncle the Grand Duke Serge, Governor of Moscow, it can be taken as a sign that he was quite accepted in Imperial circles (and he served as Serge's orderly since 1904).
The marriage did not last and Alexis remarried. His second wife was Baronne Natalia von Schoeppingk.

Children
Count Alexei and Princess Maria had four children:

Countess Elizabeta Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (8 September 1896 Moscow – 30 July 1975 New Jersey) married Petr Ghika-Perevostchikov (1872–1937) and had two children.
Countess Alexandra Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (b. 4 March 1899 Moscow – 1995) married twice and had no children.
Countess Mariya Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (b. 26 October 1901 Moscow - 18 August 1996 Cormeilles-en-Parisis) married in 1922 Wladimir Sverbeev (1892–1951) and had one daughter.
Count Sergei Alexeevich Belevsky-Zhukovsky (17 February 1903 Moscow – 27 November 1956 Los Angeles) married in 1926 Nina Botkine (1901–1966) and had one daughter Helene.

Death
Count Alexei was killed by the Soviets in the Caucasus sometime in 1930, 1931 or 1932.

Ancestry
See also
Branches of the Russian Imperial Family


Galloping Galaxies! is a British children's television comedy series set on a spaceship that was shown on the BBC from October 1985 to December 1986, comprising two series, of ten episodes in total. It was created and written by Bob Block, the creator of Rentaghost. Jeremy Swan who directed Rentaghost, produced and directed the series. It featured Kenneth Williams in one of his final roles as the voice of the ship's bog-eyed computer, SID.
A novelisation of the first series was released by Target Books in 1987, and the second series was announced to follow in book form, but never materialised. No commercial release of the show has ever appeared.

Synopsis
The stories are set in the 25th century, and follow the adventures of the Spaceship Voyager, the computer SID, Captain Pettifer (Robert Swales) and his crew.Cover blurb of novel: "GALLOPING GALAXIES! is the funniest thing this side of the moons of Saturn and will boldly make you laugh where you have never laughed before!"

External links
Galloping Galaxies! at IMDb


Mark Charles Pigott (born February 6, 1954) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He has been Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of PACCAR, Inc. since April 2014. He was previously Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PACCAR from January 1997 to April 2014.  Pigott has been highlighted as one of the US's leading CEOs by Forbes magazine, in their annual listing of the top ten CEOs in the country.

Education
Pigott was born in San Francisco and raised in Seattle. He has lived in many cities in North America, studied in Italy, and worked in the United Kingdom from 1984 to 1989.  He graduated from Stanford University receiving his B.S. in Industrial Engineering (1976), an M.S. in Business (1984),  and a B.A. in Humanities (1998).  He has received an Honorary Doctorate in Science (Sc. D.) from Trinity College, Dublin (2007), an Honorary Doctorate of Laws (LL.D.) from Gonzaga University (2008), an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters (D.H.L.) from Lehman College, NY (2010), an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from the University of Puget Sound, WA (2014), an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from the University of Washington, WA (2016), and an Honorary Doctorate from Washington State University, WA (2019).

Business career
Mark Pigott's career with PACCAR began in 1978.  He is the fourth generation of the Pigott family to lead the company. PACCAR, a Fortune 200 company, celebrated its 113th year in 2018 and has achieved 80 consecutive years of profitability. PACCAR (revenues $23.5 billion) (Nasdaq:PCAR) is publicly traded and is a global technology leader in the capital goods and financial services industries. PACCAR's major brands are DAF Trucks, Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, PACCAR Financial, PacLease, PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Information Technology and PACCAR Powertrain.
Under Pigott's leadership as Chairman and CEO, PACCAR has delivered a 1,700 percent total return to shareholders.  Pigott's focus on quality and innovation has resulted in PACCAR receiving many J.D. Power and Associates Awards for highest customer satisfaction as well as International Truck of the Year Awards.
Pigott has been Chairman of the DAF Supervisory Board since 1996, served on the Business Council (Washington, D.C.) (retired), and on the Washington State Business Roundtable Executive Committee (retired).
Harvard Business Review (January 2010) named Pigott as one of the top 50 global CEO's based on long term shareholder returns.

Philanthropy
Mark Pigott is President of the PACCAR Foundation, which annually donates $5–$10 million in support of education, social services and the arts.  Beneficiaries included University of North Texas (2006), Stanford University (2006), Mississippi State University (2007), Gonzaga University (2006), East Mississippi Community College (2007),  University of Washington (2008), Seattle University (2009), University of Puget Sound (2013) and Washington State University (2014). Pigott established the prestigious PACCAR Award for Teaching Excellence at the University of Washington in 1997. This is the highest honorarium teaching award for MBA professors in the United States. Pigott's strong support of corporate giving is demonstrated by the fact that in 2014, PACCAR was ranked fifth on a list of 25 top large corporate philanthropists in the state of Washington by the Puget Sound Business Journal Book of Lists.On a personal basis, Pigott has funded professorships and scholarships at Stanford University, the University of Washington, Gonzaga University, Cambridge University, and Trinity College, Dublin.Pigott holds seats on the Board of the Royal Shakespeare Company America, The British Library Foundation, St. George's Society (New York) Advisory Board, and Trinity College Foundation.  He is a life member of the National Gallery London, The British Library, Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufacture Commerce (RSA), and the Royal National Theatre, UK. Major philanthropy activities of his include strategic planning and implementation of capital projects at St Paul's Cathedral, London, the Royal Shakespeare Company, National Gallery UK, Trinity College, Dublin, Royal National Theatre, British Museum and Bibliothèque nationale de France. An avid bibliophile, Pigott is involved in numerous projects benefiting the British Library and the Folger Shakespeare Library. He established the annual Pigott Poetry Prize in Ireland (2014). For over a decade, his dedication to educating the next generation of leaders is evidenced by his participation as a lecturer at numerous graduate schools of business, including the University of Washington, Seattle University, Gonzaga University, Stanford, Trinity College, Dublin and Cambridge University.

Personal life
Pigott lives in Medina, Washington with his wife Cindy. He is a member of Augusta National Golf Club.

Awards and honors
Mark Pigott has been awarded numerous honors, awards, and knighthoods over the course of his career. Notable awards include:

References
Other sources
BusinessWeek – “Thinking Outside the Truck”
PACCAR - The Pursuit of Quality, Alex Groner and Barry Provorse; Documentary Media, Seattle, Washington, 2005 – 4th Edition
Kenworth Trucks: The First 75 Years, Doug Siefkes; Sasquatch Books, Printed in Canada, 1998
PACCAR Inc Business Background Report, ChoiceLevel Books, Filiquarian Publishing, LLC / Qontro, June 12, 2009

External links
PACCAR Inc
Jdpower.com
Business CouncilThe Al-Ghufran Royal Mausoleum (Malay: Makam Diraja Al-Ghufran) is a Royal Mausoleum of Perak located near Ubudiah Mosque at Bukit Chandan in Jalan Istana, Kuala Kangsar, Malaysia. The first Sultan of Perak buried here was Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I in 1916.

Architecture
The Al-Ghufran Royal Mausoleum was built in 1915. The mausoleum architecture is a Moghul style and similar to the Taj Mahal in India.

List of royal graves
Sultan
Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Ibni Almarhum Raja Bendahara Alang Iskandar Teja (Marhum Rahmatullah) (died: 14 January 1916)
Sultan Abdul Jalil Karamatullah Nasiruddin Mukhataram Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Adzam Shah I Rahmatullah (Marhum Radziallah) (died: 26 October 1918)
Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Jaafar Safiuddin Muadzam Shah Waliullah (Marhum Habibullah) (died: 22 December 1922)
Sultan Iskandar Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah (Marhum Kaddasullah) (died: 14 August 1938)
Sultan Abdul Aziz Al-Mutasim Billah Shah Ibni Almarhum Raja Muda Musa (Marhum Nikmatullah) (died: 26 March 1948)
Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Jalil Karamatullah Nasiruddin Mukhataram Shah Radziallah (Marhum Ghafarullahu-lah) (died: 4 January 1963)
Sultan Idris Iskandar Al-Mutawakkil Alallahi Shah II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar Shah Kaddasullah (Marhum Afifullah) (died: 31 January 1984)
Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah (Marhum Al-Maghfullah) - 9th Yang di-Pertuan Agong (1989-1994) (died: 28 May 2014)

Raja Perempuan/Pemaisuri (Queen)
Raja Tipah Binti Almarhum Sultan Shahabuddin Riayat Shah Saifullah (died: unknown date)
Raja Nuteh Aishah Binti Almarhum Sultan Yusuf Sharifuddin Muzaffar Shah Ghafirullah (died: 6 October 1920)
Raja Nuteh Zahra Binti Almarhum Sultan Ali Al-Mukammal Inayat Shah Nabiallah (died: unknown date)
Raja Puteh Umi Kalsom Binti Raja Kulop Muhammad Kramat (died: 9 May 1972)
Raja Khalijah Binti Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah (died: 1 October 1939)
Raja Taayah Binti Raja Abdul Hamid (died: 18 February 1962)
Raja Muzwin Binti Raja Ariff Shah (died: 6 October 2011)

Royal Families
Raja Musa Ibni Almarhum Sultan Jaafar Safiuddin Muadzam Shah Waliullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 1906)
Raja Chulan Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Habibullah - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 10 April 1933)
Raja Mansur Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Habibullah (died: 27 August 1934)
Raja Zainal Azman Shah Ibni Raja Chulan - (Raja Kecil Bongsu of Perak) (died: 16 December 1956)
Raja Abdul Rashid Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah - (Raja Bendahara of Perak) (died: 24 November 1958)
Raja Kamarulzaman Ibni Raja Mansur - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 19 July 1962)
Raja Ekram Ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 9 June 1978)
Raja Musa II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Aziz Al-Mutasim Billah Shah Nikmatullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 12 May 1983)
Raja Ahmad Saifuddin Ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar Shah Kaddasullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 12 April 1987)
Raja Ahmad Hisham Ibni Raja Abdul Malek - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 21 September 1997)
Raja Ashman Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Al-Maghfullah - (Raja Kecil Sulong of Perak) (died: 30 March 2012)
Raja Shahruzzaman Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Iskandar Al-Mutawakkil Alallahi Shah II Afifullah (died: 10 October 2014)

Non Royal Families
Tun Mohd Suffian Hashim - Lord President of Supreme Court of Malaysia (died: 2000)
Mohammad Amin Bin Alang Duakap @ Abdul Wakaf - Orang Kaya-Kaya Laksamana Raja Mahkota of Perak (Died and buried in Singapore (1908). Relocated from Singapore (2006))
Tan Sri Dato' Osman Bin Talib - Orang Kaya Bendahara Seri Maharaja of Perak. Former Chief Minister of Melaka. (died: 1984)
Dato' Seri Wan Abdul Halim Bin Wan Abdul Jalil - Orang Kaya Temenggong Paduka Raja of Perak (died: 1998)
Dato' Seri Wan Omar Bin Wan Hamaruddin - Orang Kaya Temenggong Paduka Raja of Perak (died: 1992)
Dato' Seri Wan Omar Bin Wan Ahmad Rasdi - Orang Kaya Menteri Paduka Tuan of Perak (died: 2003)
Dato' Seri Wan Ahmad Isa Shukri Bin Wan Ahmad Rasdi - Orang Kaya Menteri Paduka Tuan of Perak (died: 1992)
Osman Bin Uda Maamor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (died: unknown date)
Dato' Seri Ibrahim Bin Abdul Karim - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (died: 1982)
Dato' Wan Mohd Ali Bin Wan Omar - Orang Kaya-Kaya Seri Adika Raja Shahbandar Muda of Perak (died: 1954)
Datuk Setia Bijaya DiRaja Jeragan Abdul Shukor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: 1924)
Syed Abdul Hamid bin Syed Safi Jamalullail - Orang Kaya Besar Maharaja di Raja of Perak (Orang Besar 4), Orang Besar Jajahan Kerian (died 1949).
Datuk Setia Mohd Noordin Bin Jeragan Abdul Shukor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: unknown date)
Dato' Seri Abdul Wahab Bin Mohd Noordin - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: 1989)
Mohd Tahir Bin Jeragan Abdul Shukur - Penghulu Jajahan Daerah Gerik (died: 1946)
Mohd Hamidi Bin Mohd Tahir - (died: 1994)
Col (Rtd) Dato' Seri Mohamed Zulkifli Bin Mohamed Kushairi - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (1983-2009), Orang Besar Jajahan Kerian, Perak.(1993-2009) (died: 2009)
Datuk Wan Mohammad Khair-il Anuar Wan Ahmad - Kuala Kangsar Member of Parliament (died: 2016)

See also
Sultan of PerakThe Archbishop of Dublin is a senior bishop in the Church of Ireland, second only to the Archbishop of Armagh. The archbishop is the diocesan bishop of the United Dioceses of Dublin and Glendalough and the metropolitan bishop of the Province of Dublin, which covers the southern half of Ireland, and he is styled Primate of Ireland (the Archbishop of Armagh is the "Primate of All Ireland").
The archbishop's throne (cathedra) is in Christ Church Cathedral in central Dublin. The incumbent, from 11 May 2011, is Michael Jackson who signs as +Michael DUBLIN.

History
The Dublin area was Christian long before Dublin had a distinct diocese. The remains and memory of monasteries famous before that time, at Finglas, Glasnevin, Glendalough, Kilnamanagh, Rathmichael, Swords, Tallaght, among others, are witness to the faith of earlier generations and to a flourishing Church life in their time. Following a reverted conversion by one Norse King of Dublin, Sitric, his son Godfrey became Christian in 943 and the Kingdom of Dublin first sought to have a bishop of their own in the 11th century under Sitric MacAulaf, who had been on pilgrimage to Rome.  He sent his chosen candidate, Donat (or Donagh or Donatus), to be consecrated in Canterbury in 1038 and the new prelate set up the Diocese of Dublin as a small territory within the walled city. The Bishop of Dublin answered to the Archbishop of Canterbury and did not attend councils of the Irish Church. Tallaght Castle was used as an official residence from the mid-15th until the early 19th century.
The Archbishop was in union with Rome until the 16th century. Following the death of John Alen, Henry VIII put pressure on the Chapters of Dublin's cathedrals, who elected (January 1536) an Archbishop of his choice, George Browne. Browne was consecrated by Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, at Lambeth.
The Diocese of Kildare was united to Archdiocese of Dublin in 1846. Prior to the disestablishment of the Church of Ireland in 1871, the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin was entitled to sit in the House of Lords as a Lord Spiritual, along with the other Archbishops in rotation. In 1976, the Diocese of Kildare was removed from union with Dublin and placed in union with Diocese of Meath. See Primate of Ireland for a discussion of the roles and status of the Archbishops of Dublin and Armagh and their functions as Primates.

Cathedrals
Since the Middle Ages, the seat of the Archbishop of Dublin has been Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, although for many centuries, it shared this status with St. Patrick's Cathedral. See those articles for details of the role of the Archbishop with respect to each.

See also
Archbishop of Dublin, which lists of pre- and post-Reformation archbishops

Notes and references
Sources
New York, 1909: The Catholic Encyclopedia; Robert Appleton Company

External links
Church of Ireland Archbishop of DublinHrabia Eryk Kurnatowski (8 October 1883 – 23 February 1975) was a Polish nobleman and politician who served a Member of the Senate from 1922 to 1927. Brought up in an old Calvinist noble family, he converted to Catholicism later in life.Orrhammaren is a lake in Södermanland, Sweden.The inferior phrenic arteries are two small vessels which supply the diaphragm. They present much variety in their origin.

Structure
Origin
The inferior phrenic arteries usually arise between T12 and L2 vertebrae. They may arise separately from the front of the aorta, immediately above the celiac artery, or by a common trunk, which may spring either from the aorta or from the celiac artery. Sometimes one is derived from the aorta, and the other from one of the renal arteries; they rarely arise as separate vessels from the aorta.

Branches
They diverge from one another across the crura of the diaphragm, and then run obliquely upward and lateralward upon its under surface.

The left phrenic passes behind the esophagus, and runs forward on the left side of the esophageal hiatus.
The right phrenic passes behind the inferior vena cava, and along the right side of the foramen which transmits that vein. Near the back part of the central tendon each vessel divides into a medial and a lateral branch.
The medial branch curves forward, and anastomoses with its fellow of the opposite side, and with the musculophrenic and pericardiacophrenic arteries.
The lateral branch passes toward the side of the thorax, and anastomoses with the lower intercostal arteries, and with the musculophrenic. The lateral branch of the right phrenic gives off a few vessels to the inferior vena cava; and the left one, some branches to the esophagus.

Function
The inferior phrenic arteries supply the diaphragm. Each of the smaller vessels give off superior suprarenal branches to the suprarenal gland of its own side. The spleen and the liver also receive a few twigs from the left and right vessels respectively.

References
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 612 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)

External links
Anatomy photo:40:11-0200 at the SUNY Downstate Medical Center - "Posterior Abdominal Wall: Branches of the Abdominal Aorta"
Cross section image: pembody/body8a—Plastination Laboratory at the Medical University of Vienna (#23)Beatrice H. Hahn (born February 13, 1955, Munich, Germany) is an American virologist and biomedical researcher whose work established the HIV, the virus causing AIDS, began as a virus passed from apes to humans.She is a professor of Medicine and Microbiology in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. In November 2002, Discover magazine listed Hahn as one of the 50 most important women scientists at that time.Hahn discovered that the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) originated in other primates and traversed to humans.  Hahn and her research group established that wild-living chimpanzees in southern Cameroon were a natural reservoir of Simian immunodeficiency viruses (SIVs). The team developed non-invasive techniques for gathering genetic data. By making comparisons between the genes of HIV-1 and SIVs, they found that SIVs had originated in apes, and had passed to humans through multiple connections. The simian versions of the virus (known as SIVcpz in chimpanzees, and SIVgor in gorillas) became the infection named HIV in humans.Hahn later determined that the malaria parasite also traversed from other primates to humans, in a single event.

Early life and education
Beatrice Hahn was born in Munich, Germany on February 13, 1955. As a child, she was interested in medicine by her father's work as a primary care physician. He was one of the first doctors in Bavaria to use an X-Ray machine, and allowed Beatrice to use some of his medical equipment as she grew up. Hahn was fascinated by studying urine slides under the microscope, and taking blood samples. Her ambition to enter medicine dates from this period.Hahn left home to attend medical school at Technical University Munich, Munich, Germany, where she gained her M.D. degree in 1981. She worked as an intern at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich from 1981 to 1982. She attained her Doctorate in Medicine from Technical University Munich in 1982.Her doctoral thesis was again influenced by her upbringing and early childhood. It was at this period that she began to specialise in zoonoses or infections which can be transmitted between species, and their implications for public health.Hahn had herded and milked cows as a child in her native Bavaria, where cattle were important to the rural economy. Hahn wondered if human populations might be affected by exposure to bovine viruses. Her thesis specifically focused on the bovine leukemia virus, a very serious disease in cattle, and its close relationship with the human tumor virus HTLV-1.

Career
After graduating, Hahn began her career with a fellowship from the German Science Foundation in Robert Gallo's National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. She decided to leave Germany because she believed she would have better opportunities for research and for funding in the United States. In 1985, she joined the faculty of the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) and established her own laboratory. She was a co-director of the Center for AIDS Research at UAB from 2003 to 2011. In 2011, Hahn joined the faculty of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania along with her husband and research partner George Shaw. Hahn and Shaw also work with CHAVI, a multi-institutional consortium. Hahn is the lead researcher of CHAVI's Viral Biology Team.
In addition to her work in universities and as a researcher, Hahn is also a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Academy of Microbiology, the National Academy of Medicine, and the National Academy of Sciences. She is also a member of the advisory board of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's HIV/AIDS Program and has served on numerous NIH Counsel groups.

Research
Hahn met Robert Gallo when she was a student at the Technical University of Munich. He was a virologist and a researcher at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. Most of his research was focused on leukemia, the disease that had taken his sister's life at an early age. One of the main areas of interest for Gallo was tumor-causing retroviruses. This sparked the interest of Hahn because Bovine leukemia virus is an example of such a retrovirus.
Hahn's wish to work in Gallo's lab was made possible when she received a fellowship from the German Science Foundation.Hahn left her home in Germany and started research at the National Cancer Institute on May 1, 1982. There, she began her research into the origins of HIV/AIDS. AIDS had just become prevalent in the United States a year before she arrived. All of the patients with the reported disease were gay males and displayed symptoms of a skin cancer and unique form of pneumonia. Gallo's laboratory had been studying this new disease outbreak and Hahn joined the investigation.In 1983, George Shaw joined Gallo's laboratory and he and Hahn began to collaborate on their research. After a fellow researcher, Mikulas Popovic, successfully cultured and isolated the virus, Hahn and Shaw cloned the virus's genome, becoming the first scientists to do so.They were able to determine that the isolated retrovirus was the cause of AIDS. They went on to discover that HIV originated from chimpanzees, gorillas, and sooty mangabey strains of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV). Their team used non-invasive research techniques in order to study endangered species of primates in the wild. Contrary to the prevailing scientific opinion, Hahn found that SIV does cause disease in its hosts and that chimpanzees represent a reservoir of HIV. She also discovered that SIV could be transmitted sexually and through breast milk among chimpanzees. She has also cloned HIV-2 and catalogued genetic variants of HIV-1 and their drug resistance.Hahn and Shaw had many papers published (including a cover article for Nature) and in 1985 they were both recruited by the University of Alabama at Birmingham's Comprehensive Cancer Center to lead and conduct human retrovirus research. Both excelled in their work and Hahn went on to become a distinguished professor in the Departments of Microbiology and medicine as well as work as co-director at the Center for AIDS research at UAB. Hahn and her long-time research partner George Shaw married in 1988.After working at UAB, Hahn and Shaw moved to the Center for AIDS Research at the University of Pennsylvania in 2011.  There she has used non-invasive fecal sampling to investigate SIV and HIV in primate populations. Her research has also included the origins of the human malaria parasite, Plasmodium falciparum; determining that P. falciparum was transmitted to humans from gorillas in a single event in West Africa.

Details of research
Hahn conducted her research from an evolutionary perspective when studying disease mechanisms and HIV/SIV gene function. Simian immunodeficiency viruses (SIVs) are a type of retroviruses that are capable of infecting a myriad of non-human primate species located in Africa.Hanh made the startling discovery that certain SIVs had traversed between humans and certain nonhuman primate species a multitude of times to result in types 1 and 2 human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The two viruses she identified were SIVcpz from chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes) and SIVsmm from sooty mangabeys (Cercocebus atys). The realization that the transfer of SIVs had generated HIV led Hahn to conclude that presence of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) was due to the cross-species infections of humans by lentiviruses of primate origin.A careful analysis of the high degree of relatedness between chimpanzees and humans was a major focus in Hanh’s laboratory. Knowing that chimpanzees and humans share more than 98% sequence identity across their genomes, Hanh sought to uncover what exactly varies in the interactions between virus and host that cause differences in viral pathogenicity.  Hahn made advances in the understanding the origin of HIV-1, SIVcpz, and natural SIVcpz reservoirs.

Study on Origin of HIV-1
The theorization that chimpanzees may be source of HIV-1 began when a chimpanzee was found to have a lentivirus (SIVcpzGAB1) that was closely related to HIV-1. The genome of SIVcpzGAB1 had an accessory gene that was so far unique to HIV-1 as well as many of the same reading frames. However, experiments carried out on more chimpanzees continuously resulted in apparently contradictory results as to whether chimpanzees were the original source of the SIVcpz.One experiment performed on fifty chimpanzees resulted in only two possessing HIV-1 cross-reactive antibodies, which showed a much lower SIVcpz infection rate in contrast to other naturally occurring SIV infections. This finding indicated that there was a third unknown source that both humans and chimpanzees could have acquired the virus from.Another study reported that a chimpanzee named Noah had a virus called SIVcpzANT that clustered with SIVcpzGAB1 (and HIV-1 strains) in phylogenetic trees but was twice as distant from SIVcpzGAB1 and HIV-1 strains as they were from each other. This resulted in more support for a third unknown source being the true SIVcpz reservoir.Hahn was able to prove the original theory through analyzation of the SIVcpz phylogeny in relation to the subspecies origin of the infected chimpanzee host. Her studies showed that the chimpanzees that had viruses similar to HIV-1 and to one another belonged to the same group; P.t. troglodytes. On the other hand, Noah, the chimpanzee with the virus that was extremely distant, was a P.t. schweinfurthii. This proved that the origin of a subspecies' chimpanzee host was what was responsible for two different phylogenetic lineages of SIVcpz strains. Hahn's careful phylogenetic analysis also supported that the source of HIV-1 was the chimpanzees that were members of P.t. troglodytes.

Honors and awards
1999, Recipient, Birmingham Business Journal Top Birmingham Women
2001, Recipient, The Max Cooper Award for Research Excellence
2002, one of "The 50 Most Important Women in Science", Discover Magazine
2010, Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology, American Society for Microbiology
2012, Fellow, National Academy of Sciences
2014, Winford P. Larson Lectureship, University of Minnesota
2016, Elected, American Academy of Arts and Sciences

Works
Sharp, Paul M.; Hahn, Beatrice H. (2011-09-01). "Origins of HIV and the AIDS Pandemic". Cold Spring Harbor Perspectives in Medicine. 1 (1): a006841. doi:10.1101/cshperspect.a006841. ISSN 2157-1422. PMC 3234451. PMID 22229120.
Parrish, Nicholas F.; Gao, Feng; Li, Hui; Giorgi, Elena E.; Barbian, Hannah J.; Parrish, Erica H.; Zajic, Lara; Iyer, Shilpa S.; Decker, Julie M. (2013-04-23). "Phenotypic properties of transmitted founder HIV-1". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 110 (17): 6626–6633. Bibcode:2013PNAS..110.6626P. doi:10.1073/pnas.1304288110. ISSN 0027-8424. PMC 3637789. PMID 23542380.


Eduardo Restrepo Victoria alias "El Socio" (the Associate) (born September 29, 1958 in Pitalito, Huila) is a Colombian drug trafficker former member of the Norte del Valle Cartel and associate of Wilber Varela. Restrepo was wanted by Colombian authorities on charges of illegal drug trade, illicit enrichment and illegal arms possession. He was captured by Colombian and United States authorities on July 25, 2006 On July 20, 2006 the United States government asked for his extradition. He was extradited to the United States on December 10, 2007.

Early years
Restrepo was born and raised in the outskirts of Pitalito in the Department of Huila in central Colombia to a family of peasants workers. Most of his early life was spent working on rice fields in Lérida, Department of Tolima after migrating for better luck. In Lérida, Restrepo met important rice producers who employed him, including associates of Diego León Montoya Sánchez, and worked in haciendas that had airstrips in Espinal, Ibagué and Venadillo. He became a sort of air controller for flights used by the mafia of the Norte del Valle Cartel back then led by Montoya-Sánchez, among others.

Drug trafficking
According to Colombian National Police accounts, after being introduced to the illegal drug trade Restrepo began to manage properties of another drug baron, Henry Loaiza Ceballos aka "El Alacran". Loaiza sent him to Mexico in 1995 where he established contacts with the Mexican Drug Cartel ; the Juarez Cartel led by Amado Carrillo Fuentes aka "El Senor de los Cielos". In Mexico Restrepo massed a fortune by controlling drug flow and the contacts between the Colombian and Mexican mafias.

Return to Colombia
Restrepo returned to Colombia in late 2000 and began a purchase spree of haciendas, nightclubs, commercial establishments, office buildings and luxury apartments and vehicles. He also associated with Wílber Alirio Varela aka "Jabón" another boss of the Nortel del Valle Cartel.
In 2001 the then governor of the Department of Tolima Guillermo Alfonso Jaramillo alerted authorities about his behavior and eccentricities. Restrepo then went clandestine.
On August 25, 2005 4 witnesses testified against Restrepo alleging that he had links to mafias and to paramilitary groups associated to the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia; the Tolima Bloc. Witnesses mentioned that Restrepo and partner Wílber Varela had been planning to purchase part of the paramilitary unit.

Arrest
In 2004 an Attorney General's unit raided one of Restrepo's properties in the outskirts of Ibagué with an arrest warrant for delinquency, production and traffic and porting unauthorized firearms.
On Sunday July 23, 2006 the Colombian National Police intercepted a phone call of Restrepo calling a family member asking him to appeal to two businessmen from the Department of Tolima to lend him the farm Andalucia, located in the municipality of Subachoque, Department of Cundinamarca.
On July 25, 2006 the Colombian National Police intelligence unit DIJIN raided the farm and found him with one more person along with his two daughters and two men.
When inquired by the Colombian Attorney General's office Restrepo answered "I've never worked with drugs". He also denied knowing anyone named Wilber Alirio Varela. He denied the testimony given by his former body guard Robinson Guilombo which linked him to the Norte del Valle Cartel. Guilombo is under the protection of the DEA and Attorney General's units.

Properties
According to Colombian authorities Restrepo has some 900 properties in Colombian and Mexico. His two sisters Teresa and Norma served him as money-launderers, and racketeered through a company named Agropecuaria Palma del Río which was based in Ibagué and in 2005 was included in the Office of Foreign Assets Control's specially designated nationals list of the United States Department of the Treasury. Another syndicated money-launderer was pointed out by his bodyguard as Gustavo Adolfo Villanueva along one of his sisters and a former lover.
On September 7, 2005 the Colombian National Police raided and confiscated 65 properties belonging to Restrepo in Bogotá, Cali and the Department of Tolima.


Judo at the 2010 Asian Para Games was held in Huagong Gymnasium, Guangzhou, China from December 14 to 17, 2010.

Medal summary
Medal table
Retrieved from Asian Para Games 2010 Official Website.

Medalists
Men
Women
Results
Men
−60 kg
December 14

−66 kg
December 15

−73 kg
December 15

−81 kg
December 15

−90 kg
December 17

−100 kg
December 17

+100 kg
December 17

Women
−48 kg
December 14

−52 kg
December 14

−57 kg
December 15

−63 kg
December 15

−70 kg
December 16


Beiyunhedong station (Chinese: 北运河东站; pinyin: Běiyùnhé Dōng zhàn) is a station on Line 6 of the Beijing Subway. It was opened on December 30, 2018.

Station Layout
The station has an underground island platform.

Exits
There are 3 exits, lettered B, C, and D. Exit B is accessible.

Future Development
It is located near the under construction Beijing Sub-Center railway station.


CGS Pabna is a Pabna Class riverine patrol crafts of Bangladesh Coast Guard. She is the first ever warship made in Bangladesh.

History
The ship was built at Dockyard and Engineering Works Limited. She was commissioned to Bangladesh Navy as BNS  Pabna on 1 June 1972. This ship was the first ship of Bangladesh Navy. Later on, in 1995, after the emergence of Bangladesh Coast Guard, the ships were transferred to them. In 1995, she was commissioned to Bangladesh Coast Guard as CGS Pabna.

Design
The ship is 22.9 metres (75 ft) in length, 6.1 metres (20 ft) in breadth and 1.9 metres (6.2 ft) in draught. She has a displacement of 75 tons and a complement of 33 personnel. The ship carries one Bofors 40 mm gun of 60 cal. as armament. This patrol craft can be used for coastal patrolling also besides riverine patrolling.

See also
List of ships of the Bangladesh Coast Guard
List of historic ships of the Bangladesh Navy


Yaroslav Volodymyrovych Markevych (Ukrainian: Ярослав Володимирович Маркевич, born 3 December 1973) is a Ukrainian politician, businessman, activist, former soldier in the Donbas Battalion, former Member of Parliament of Ukraine of the 8th convocation from Samopmich Union, and Member of the Parliamentary Budget Committee. Markevych did not return to parliament following the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election.

Biography
Yaroslav Markevych was born in Kamin-Rybolov, a village in Khankaysky District in Primorsky Krai, Russia. He studied at the Institute of the Social Development, on the faculty of Legal Support of the Financial Activities of the Enterprise. In 1992 he started working as a lawyer in a private trade house. From 1993 to 1995 he worked as a Deputy Director of the private scientific-producing firm PRINT. In 1996 he was a press-secretary at AT STANK. BeforeUntil his election to Ukrainian parliament he worked as manager and deputy head at a number of private companies.In 2005 he started working with Viktor Yushchenko's party Nasha Ukraina, taking the post of the Head of the Executive Committee of the Kharkiv city party organisation, from 2008 – the Oblast party organisation. Since 2000 he was the president of the civic organisation East Ukrainian Fund of Democracy Development.In 2004 he was the consultant on pre-elections issues to OSCE.
Markevych is married and has two children.


Henry Stronach (27 January 1865 – 12 April 1932) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played six first-class matches for Otago between 1892 and 1895.

See also
List of Otago representative cricketers

References
External links
Henry Stronach at ESPNcricinfoDinuzulu kaCetshwayo (1868 – 18 October 1913, commonly misspelled Dinizulu) was the king of the Zulu nation from 20 May 1884 until his death in 1913.
He succeeded his father Cetshwayo, who was the last king of the Zulus to be officially recognized as such by the British. Zululand had been broken up into thirteen smaller territories by the British government after the Anglo-Zulu War, and Cetshwayo, and subsequently Dinuzulu, administered one of them. The British later realized the futility of breaking up Zululand into the territories and restored Cetshwayo as paramount leader of the territories. However, they left one of Cetshwayo's relatives, Usibepu (Zibhebhu), alone with his lands intact. On 22 July 1883, Usibepu attacked Cetshwayo's new kraal in Ulundi, wounding the king and causing him to flee.

Dinuzulu's volunteers
To contest the succession, Dinuzulu first appealed to the British, but received no response. He then offered rewards of land to Boer farmers of the Vryheid and Utrecht districts, to come and fight on his side and restore the Zulu Kingdom. In 1884 a group of Boer farmers from the districts of Utrecht and Vryheid undertook to help restore order, in return for land for the formation of an independent republic with access to the sea. Led by General Louis Botha, they formed Dinuzulu's Volunteers and after several clashes with Zibhebhu, defeated him at the Battle of Ghost Mountain (also known as the Battle of Tshaneni) on 5 June 1884.
The Nieuwe Republiek, established in northern Natal on land awarded to Boers by Dinuzulu, was recognized by Germany and Portugal. It was later incorporated on its request by the ZAR because of financial problems, after the British annexed the coastal plains from the Thuhela river (Tugela) northwards in order to prevent the Boers from building a harbor. After considerable dispute in a Natal arbitration court, Britain eventually recognized the New Republic, but reduced it in size after annexing the coastal plains to the Cape Colony, along with the republic's claims to St Lucia for a harbor. The Niewe Republiek was incorporated on its own request with the Zuid Afrikaanse Republiek in 1888. No major conflict would occur in the region until the outbreak of the Second Boer War in 1899.

Exile
In 1890 Dinuzulu was captured by the British and exiled to the island of Saint Helena for seven years, for leading a Zulu army against the British due to annexation of the coastal plains of Zululand.
When Zululand was formally incorporated into Natal in 1897, Dinuzulu was released. The following year he was installed as the British government's InDuna.

Bambatha rebellion
In 1906 the so-called Bambatha rebellion broke out. After the rebellion had been put down, Dinuzulu was accused of giving orders to Bambatha to start the rebellion and was put on trial for treason. Although he steadfastly protested his innocence, he was found guilty and sentenced to four years imprisonment in March, 1908.
Two years later an old friend of his, General Louis Botha, became Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa. Botha ordered that Dinuzulu be released and transported to the farm Uitkyk in the Transvaal, where he died on 18 October 1913 at the age of 44 or 45.  After a state funeral, he was buried at Nobamba in the Khosini Valley (31°16'E; 28°26'S), which lies in the upper White Umfolozi drainage system.
He was succeeded by his son Solomon kaDinuzulu.

Statue
A statue of Dinuzulu has been erected next to the statue of General Louis Botha, the first prime minister of the Transvaal colony, at the corner of Berea Road and Warwick Avenue in Durban.

Wood Badge beads
Beads from Dinuzulu's necklace—claimed to have been found by Robert Baden-Powell—were later presented to Scout leaders following Wood Badge leadership training. Today the Wood Badge beads are replicas of the original beads. To date, there is conflicting evidence as to how Baden-Powell came upon the beads as well as the specific purpose and owner of the beads. Alternative stories include that Baden-Powell took the beads improperly, and that the beads were not war beads but actually belonged to a woman, such as a wife of Dinuzulu.


Robert Alan Thom (March 4, 1915 – December 31, 1979) was an American illustrator who specialized in the portrayal of historical scenes for commercial patrons. He is perhaps best known for his series of 40 paintings depicting the history of pharmacy, and his series of 45 paintings depicting the history of medicine, both commissioned by Parke-Davis.

Biography
Thom was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. A student of Robert Brackman, he began his career as a commercial illustrator for General Motors and Detroit Edison in 1939, and set off as an independent artist in 1945. In this role, he produced many series of commissioned paintings for clients such as Kimberly-Clark (scenes from the history of "Graphic Communications Through the Ages"), Illinois Bell (scenes from the history of Illinois), Michigan Bell (scenes from the history of Michigan), and Chevrolet (scenes from the history of baseball). He died in Alma, Michigan.

Legacy
Thom's works appear in galleries, museums, and universities worldwide, including the Baseball Hall of Fame and the White House.


Nani Alapai (December 1, 1874 – October 1, 1928) was a Hawaiian soprano singer of Native Hawaiian and Filipino descent during the early 1900s. Despite not receiving any formal musical training, she was hired as a vocalist of the Royal Hawaiian Band by bandmaster Henri Berger. She became the leading prima donna of the early era of Hawaiian music through her traveling performances with the Royal Hawaiian Band in Hawaii and on the mainland United States. Recording a number of songs, she helped popularized "Aloha ʻOe" by Queen Liliʻuokalani with one of the earliest recordings of the song. She directly and indirectly influenced many later Hawaiian musicians including Lena Machado and her adoptive grandson Kahauanu Lake.

Early life and family
Julita Nani Malina was born in Līhuʻe, on the island of Kauaʻi, on December 1, 1874. Her parents were Keokilele Halemanu Punana Ukeke (died 1913), a Native Hawaiian from Wainiha, and John Malina Sr, an early Filipino settler in Hawaii. Her father worked as a paniolo (cowboy) at Kipu Ranch, owned by William Hyde Rice, and received his surname from the Hawaiian pronunciation of Manila. The family surname has sometimes been spelled Molina. She had many siblings while growing up including five brothers and eight sisters. She received her education at a Roman Catholic boarding school for girls in Honolulu.Around 1895, she married William J. Alapai and became known as Mrs. or Madame Alapai.
On November 20, 1910, after the death of her first husband, she remarried to W. C. Luke and became known as Madame Alapai Luke. For an unknown reason, her marriage certificate listed her parents as Panakiko Kealii and Anna. Alapai and Luke were divorced by 1916, with her citing non-support in the court case.She adopted and raised Cecelia Kuliaikanuʻuwaiʻaleʻale Waipa (1907–1981), granddaughter of former Hawaiian Royal Guard Captain Robert Parker Waipa—a member of the extended Parker ranching family of the island of Hawaii. Cecelia's first marriage was to Thomas C. Lake and she later married Prince David Kalākaua Kawānanakoa. A musical entertainer herself, Cecelia was the mother of Hawaiian musician and composer Kahauanu Lake, who received the Hawai'i Academy of Recording Arts Lifetime Achievement Award in 1989, and was inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame in 2004.

Musical career
Alapai received no formal musical training, but learned how to sing by entertaining audiences.
There is disagreement about her tenure with the Royal Hawaiian Band. Based on her 1906 biography printed in the Hawaiian language newspaper Ka Nupepa Kuokoa, she joined the band around 1897 (nine years before the publication of the biography). At the time, Henri Berger was bandmaster and hired her to sing with the Band as a female soprano soloist.
Later erroneous sources, including the personal interviews of Kahauanu Lake, and articles written in the Haʻilono Mele newsletters of the 1970s, claimed she was the band's first female vocalist, debuting with them in 1873, singing with the band for 40 or 43 years.
However, census records taken during her second marriage show that she was not even born in 1873.She accompanied the band on many of their 1905 appearances in the continental United States. Contemporary newspaper accounts describe how her voice enchanted the people of Portland, Oregon. When she sang there with the Band, the Oregon Daily Journal noted, "Her voice is naturally sweet and her talent distinctively native. She is ambitious for operatic work, and there is just a prospect that she may lead a native opera company in Honolulu within a short time."During her career, she became known as the Prima Donna or Kāhuli of the Royal Hawaiian Band. The latter is a reference to the Oʻahu tree snails (Kāhuli in Hawaiian) which according to Hawaiian folklore are able to vocalize and sing sweet songs.
Visiting the islands in 1907, Charmian London and her husband, American writer Jack London, heard her sing during a luau. Charmian noted:

She sang for us without reserve, out of her very good repertory. Her voice is remarkable, and I never heard another of its kind, for it is more like a stringed instrument than anything I can think of—metallic, but sweetly so, pure and true as a lark's, with falls and slurs that are indescribably musical and human. The love-eyed men and women lounging about her with their guitars and ukuleles, garlanded with drooping roses and carnations and ginger, were commendably vain of showing off their first singer in the land, and thrummed their loveliest to her every song. No one can touch strings as do these people. Their fingers bestow caresses to which wood and steel and cord become sentient and tremblingly responsive.
In May 1906, Alapai was scheduled to accompany the band on their second continental tour of the United States. Her husband, who worked as the driver of a delivery wagon, wanted to accompany the band on the tour to protect his wife, but Joel C. Cohen, the group's manager, was unwilling to raise the extra funds for his travel expenses. The conflict between the two men resulted in Nani Alapai leaving the tour and being replaced as the lead female singer by Annie Leilehua Brown, one of her understudies. Cohen aired his frustration with the unreasonable request to the press, much to the chagrin of Nani Alapai, who defended her husband and refused to reconsider. She later explained the affair by saying, "Oh, they wanted me to go, but I refused."
Despite this, she continued to sing for the band in Hawaii with other female soloists such as Annie Leilehua Brown and Julia Kaleipolihale Chilton. In 1912, Alapai was offered a spot on Henry N. Clark's tour of Europe with his group, although it is not certain whether she went ahead with the trip.
Alapai recorded a number of Hawaiian songs for the Victor Talking Machine Company in 1904, including many solos and duets with William Sumner Ellis and the Ellis Brothers Glee Club. She also recorded a number of songs with Joseph Kamakau and the Kamakau Glee Club.She was also regarded as one of the first vocalists to publicly perform Queen Liliʻuokalani's song "Aloha ʻOe" and helped popularize it in the United States.
In 1911, she sang and recorded the song in a duet with Henry N. Clark for the Columbia Records company.  This was not the first recording of the song: a catalogue issued by Columbia Records in 1901 mentions an earlier wax cylinder recording of "Aloha ʻOe", although it is uncertain whether this was made in Hawaii or if the performer was Hawaiian. The 1901 cylinders did not survive.In a bill written by Senator John Henry Wise, the Hawaii Territorial Senate granted Alapai a pension in 1921. She died on October 1, 1928.
Her obituary in The Honolulu Advertiser noted that she "possessed a rich voice of wide range and excelled particularly in the rendition of the sweet songs of her native land. In her prime and even until very recently her services were in much demand at concerts and parties, particularly where Hawaiian music was featured." The Hawaiian language newspaper Ka Hoku O Hawaii wrote: "Haaheo na Hawaii i kela keikamahine leo nani no oo e ke kiwi o ke kuahiwi." ("Hawaiians are proud of this girl whose voice was as sweet as the ʻIʻiwi bird of the forest."

Legacy
Madame Alapai's protégés and students included Annie Leilehua Brown and the Hawaiian soprano-falsetto singer and composer Lena Machado. Known as "Hawaiʻi's Songbird", Machado was a leading performer of the Golden Age of Hawaiian music during the 1930s and 1940s, and was posthumously inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame in 1995. Historian George Kanahele described how Machado sang with the "Hawaiian style reminiscent of Nani Alapai, Juliana Walanika, and Helen Desha Beamer."
Although he was born after Alapai's death, and never heard her perform, her grandson Kahauanu Lake credited her, his mother and his Parker relations with influencing his musical career. In a 1979 interview, he noted:

I never heard my grandmother sing. In fact, she died before I was born. She retired in 1907 after 40 years with the Royal Hawaiian Band. They said that there was one voice that could sing above the band – and we had no microphones in those days – and could be heard for more than two blocks. And not just powerful, but sweet. It was Hawaiian, it was not that operatic thing. She never did lose the Hawaiian oli, the haʻi was in the right place, the accents, you know. In one of her songs, where it goes, "No ka mahina malamalama," she would say, "No ka mahina ma lamalama." That's the uweuwe from the ancient way of chanting.

Discography
Partial listing. Sources: DAHR, UC Santa Barbara and Library of Congress' National Jukebox:

References
Bibliography
Kanahele, George S. (1979). Hawaiian Music and Musicians: An Illustrated History. University Press of Hawaii. ISBN 978-0-8248-0578-4. OCLC 903648649.
Kanahele, George S.; Berger, John (2012). Hawaiian Music and Musicians: An Encyclopedic History. Honolulu: Mutual Publishing. ISBN 978-1-56647-967-7. OCLC 808415079.
Peterson, Barbara Bennett, ed. (1984). Notable Women of Hawaii. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press. ISBN 978-0-8248-0820-4. OCLC 11030010.

External links
"Aloha Oe. Duet by Madam Alapai and Mr. Henry N. Clark". Columbia Records. 1911. Archived from the original on November 15, 2021. Retrieved March 7, 2017 – via YouTube.com.
"Artists / Nani Alapai / National Jukebox LOC.gov – Library of Congress". Retrieved March 7, 2017.
"Nani Alapai (vocalist)". Discography of American Historical Recordings, s.v. University of California at Santa Barbara. Retrieved March 7, 2017.The Jackass Mountain Formation is a geologic formation in British Columbia. It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period.

See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in British Columbia

References
Various Contributors to the Paleobiology Database. "Fossilworks: Gateway to the Paleobiology Database". Retrieved 17 December 2021. {{cite web}}: |author= has generic name (help)The 1959 Chatham Cup was the 32nd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand. The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included North Shore United, Rangers (Bay of Plenty), Hamilton Wanderers, Eastern Union (Gisborne), Moturoa AFC (New Plymouth), Colenso Athletic (Hawkes Bay), Wanganui Athletic, Massey College (Manawatu), Miramar Rangers, Nelson Rangers, Western (Christchurch), Northern (Dunedin), Brigadiers (Invercargill).

The 1959 final
Northern became the first Chatham Cup winners from Otago since Seacliff won the first final in 1923, winning the cup for the first time in their sixth final. Northern goalkeeper Jim Stephenson was playing in his fourth final for the club; he was to play in two more in 1961 and 1962, to become the first player to play in six finals. The game had a frantic start, with a goal coming for each side in the opening five minutes. Cliff Schmidt turned the ball into his own net to give the lead to Northern after just two minutes. The lead was only to last for some 90 seconds, with Alex Middleton heading the ball into the Dunedin side's net. Goals either side of the half-time interval from Bill Berry and George Little gave Northern a 3–1 lead. Chris Foulkes reduced the deficit late on, but despite strong pressure from the Aucklanders Northern held on to win the match by the odd goal in five.

Results
Quarter-finals (Island semi-finals)
Semi-finals
Final
References

Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation New Zealand 1959 pageJharkatahan is a beautiful village of Thana Reoti in Ballia district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is situated near bank of Ghaghara river. It comprises a Taal; a catchment area of Ghaghara river. TS band ( Tutipar-Srinagar) passes through this village and it is a vital security entity that protects villagers from the flood of Ghaghara river.

Temples
Kali Temple (Sarkari Sachool Ke Paas)
Durga Mata Temple  (Uttar Tola)
Hanuman Temple (Bichala Tola)
Budhwa Shiv Temple (East & South corner of Village)
Jharkeshwar Baba (Shiv Temple)
Hanuman Mandir (Dakshin Tola)

Education
R.N.S. Public School (North side in Village).
Govt. School

External links
Jharkatahan on Facebook
Jharkatahan on WikimapiaLa Forie (French pronunciation: ​[la fɔʁi]) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.

See also
Communes of the Puy-de-Dôme department


de Santana may refer to:

Gabriel Donizete de Santana (born 1987), Brazilian midfielder
Hernando de Santana, Spanish conqueror
Reginaldo de Santana (born 1975), Brazilian football player

See also
Santana (disambiguation)The 2002 Oceania Youth Athletics Championships were held at the Queen Elizabeth II Park in Christchurch, New Zealand, between December 12–14, 2002.  They were held together with the 2002 Oceania Open Championships.
A total of 34 events were contested, 17 by boys and 17 by girls.

Medal summary
Medal winners can be found on the Athletics Weekly webpage.  Complete results can be found on the webpages of World Junior Athletics History, and of the Cool Running New Zealand newsgroup.

Boys under 18 (Youth)
Girls under 18 (Youth)
Medal table (unofficial)
*   Host nation (New Zealand)

Participation (unofficial)
An unofficial count yields the number of about 96 athletes from 15 countries:


The obstetrical dilemma is a hypothesis to explain why humans often require assistance from other humans during childbirth to avoid complications, whereas most non-human primates give birth unassisted with relatively little difficulty. This occurs due to the tight fit of the fetal head to the maternal birth canal, which is additionally convoluted, meaning the head and therefore body of the infant must rotate during childbirth in order to fit, unlike in other, non-upright walking mammals. Consequently, there is a usually high incidence of cephalopelvic disproportion and obstructed labor in humans.The obstetrical dilemma claims that this difference is due to the biological trade-off imposed by two opposing evolutionary pressures in the development of the human pelvis:  smaller birth canals in the mothers, and larger brains, and therefore skulls in the babies.  Proponents believe bipedal locomotion (the ability to walk upright) decreased the size of the bony parts of the birth canal.  They also believe that as hominids' and humans' skull and brain sizes increased over the millennia, that women needed wider hips to give birth, that these wider hips made women inherently less able to walk or run than men, and that babies had to be born earlier to fit through the birth canal, resulting in the so-called fourth trimester period for newborns (being born when the baby seems less developed than in other animals). Recent evidence has suggested bipedal locomotion is only a part of the strong evolutionary pressure constraining the expansion of the maternal birth canal. In addition to bipedal locomotion, the reduced strength of the pelvic floor due to a wider maternal pelvis also leads to fitness detriments in the mother pressuring the birth canal to remain relatively narrow.This idea was widely accepted when first published in 1960, but has since been criticized by other scientists.

History
The term, obstetrical dilemma, was coined in 1960, by Sherwood Lerned Washburn, a prominent early American physical anthropologist, in order to describe the evolutionary development of the human pelvis and its relation to childbirth and pregnancy in hominids and non-human primates. In the intervening decades, the term has been used broadly among anthropologists, biologists, and other scientists to describe aspects of this hypothesis and related topics.

Evolution of human birth
Human pelvis
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesizes that when hominids began to develop bipedal locomotion, the conflict between these two opposing evolutionary pressures became greatly exacerbated. Because humans are currently the only recognized extant obligately bipedal primates, meaning our body shape requires to only use two legs, major evolutionary developments had to occur in order to alter to the shape of the female pelvis. Human males evolved narrower hips optimized for locomotion, whereas female hips evolved to be a wider optimization because of childbirthing needs. Human pelvises have no distinguishing skeletal markers for sex before puberty, meanwhile, with maturation, hormones and obstetrical demands alter the shape of the pelvis in females. Overall, through evolution of the species, a number of structures in the body have changed size, proportion, or location in order to accommodate bipedal locomotion and allow a person to stand upright and face forward. To help support the upper body, a number of structural changes were made to the pelvis. The ilial pelvic bone shifted forward and broadened, while the ischial pelvic bone shrank, narrowing the pelvic canal. These changes were occurring at the same time as humans were developing larger craniums.

Male versus Female
Examination of the pelvis is the most useful method for identifying biological sex through the skeleton. Distinguishing features between the human male and female pelvis stem from the selective pressures of childbearing and birth. Females must be able to carry out the process of childbirth but also be able to move bipedally. The human female pelvis has evolved to be as wide as possible while still being able to allow bipedal locomotion. The compromise between these two necessary functions of the female pelvis can be especially seen through the comparative skeletal anatomy between males and females.The human pelvis is made up of three sections: the hip bones (ilium, ischium and pubis), the sacrum, and the coccyx. How these three segments articulate and what their dimensions are is key for differentiation between males and females. Females acquired the characteristic of the overall pelvic bone being thinner and denser than the pelvic bones of males. The female pelvis has also evolved to be much wider and allow for greater room in order to safely deliver a child. After sexual maturation, it can be observed that the pubic arch in females is generally an obtuse angle (between 90 and 100 degrees) while males tend to have more of an acute angle (approximately 70 degrees). This difference in angles can be attributed to the fact that the overall pelvis for a female is preferred to be wider and more open than a male pelvis. Another key difference can be seen in the sciatic notch. The sciatic notch in females tend to be wider than the sciatic notches of males. The pelvic inlet is also a key difference. The pelvic inlet in females be observed as oval-shaped in females and more of a heart-shape in males. The difference in inlet shape is related to the distance between the ischium bones of the pelvis. To allow for a wider and more oval-shaped inlet, female ischium bones are further apart from one another than the ischium bones of a male. Differences in the sacrum between males and females can also be attributed to the needs of child birth. The female sacrum is wider than the male sacrum. The female sacrum can also be observed as being shorter than the sacrum of a male. The difference in width can be explained by the overall wider shape of the female pelvis. The female sacrum is also more curved posteriorly. This could be explained by the need for as much space as possible for a birthing canal. The articulating coccyx in females is also generally observed as being straighter and more flexible than the coccyx of a male for the same reason. Because of the female pelvic bones in general being further apart from one another than those of the male pelvis, the acetabula in a female are positioned more medially and further apart from one another. It is this orientation that allows for the stereotypical swinging motion of a female's hips while walking. The acetabula not only differ in distance, but depth as well. It has been found that female acetabula have a greater depth than those in males, but also paired with a smaller femoral head. This in turn creates a more stable hip joint(insert). One of the last key differences can be seen in the auricular surface of the pelvic bones. The auricular surface where the sacroiliac joint articulates seen in females generally has a rougher texture compared to the surfaces seen in males. This difference in the texture of the articulating surface may be due to the differences in shape of the sacrum between males and females. These key differences can be examined and used to determine biological sex between two different sets of pelvic bones; all due to the need for bipedal locomotion while having the need for childbearing and childbirth in females.

Adaptations to ensure live birth
Early human ancestors, hominids, originally gave birth in a similar way that non-human primates do because early obligate quadrupedal individuals would have retained similar skeletal structure to great apes. Most non-human primates today have neonatal heads that are close in size to the mother's birth canal, as evidenced by observing female primates who do not need assistance in birthing, often seeking seclusion away from others of their species. In modern humans, parturition (childbirth) differs greatly from the rest of the primates because of both pelvic shape of the mother and neonatal shape of the infant. Further adaptations evolved to cope with bipedalism and larger craniums were also important such as neonatal rotation of the infant, shorter gestation length, assistance with birth, and a malleable neonatal head.

Neonatal rotation
Neonatal rotation was a solution for humans evolving larger brain sizes. Comparative zoological analysis has shown that the size of the human brain is anomalous, as humans have brains that are significantly larger than other animals of our proportions. Even among the great apes, we are distinctive in this regard, having brains 3 to 4 times larger than those of chimpanzees, our nearest relatives. Although the close correspondence between the neonatal cranium and the maternal pelvis in monkeys is also characteristic of humans, the orientation of the pelvic diameters differs. On average, a human fetus is nearly twice as large in relation to its mother's weight as would be expected for another similarly sized primate. The extremely close correspondence between the fetal head and the maternal pelvic dimensions requires that these dimensions line up at all points (inlet, midplane, and outlet) during the birth process. During delivery, neonatal rotation occurs when the body gets rotated to align head and shoulders transversely when entering the small pelvis, otherwise known as internal rotation. The fetus then rotates longitudinally to exit the birth canal, which is known as external rotation. In humans, the long axes of the inlet and the outlet of the obstetric canal lie perpendicular to each other. This is an important mechanism because growth in the size of the cranium as well as the width of the shoulders makes it more difficult for the infant to fit through the pelvis. This enables the largest dimensions of the fetal head to align with the largest dimensions of each plane of the maternal pelvis as labor progresses. This differs in non-human primates as there is no need for neonatal rotation in non-human primates because the birth canal is wide enough to accommodate the infant. This elaborate mechanism of labor, which requires a constant readjustment of the fetal head in relation to the bony pelvis (and which may vary somewhat depending on the shape of the pelvis in question), is completely different from the obstetrical mechanics of the other higher primates whose infants generally drop through the pelvis without any rotation or realignment. In contrast to the narrow shoulders of monkeys and higher primates, which are able to pass through the birth canal without any rotation, modern humans have broad, rigid shoulders, which generally require the same series of rotations that the head undergoes in order to travel through.Due to the evolution of bipedalism in humans, the pelvis had evolved to have a shorter, more forward curved ilium and broader sacrum in order to support ambulating on two legs. This caused the birth canal to shrink and form a more oval shape, thus the infant must undergo specific movements to rotate itself in a certain position to be able to pass through the pelvis. These movements are referred as the “seven cardinal movements,” which the infant rotates itself at the widest diameter of the pelvis to allow for the narrowest aspect of the fetal body to alight with the narrowest diameter of the pelvic. These movements include engagement, descent, flexion, internal rotation, extension, external rotation, and expulsion.

Engagement is the first movement of labor where the first part of the head enters the pelvic inlet.
Descent refers to the deeper movement of the head through the pelvic inlet with the widest diameter of the infant's head.
Flexion occurs during descent, where tissues of the pelvis create resistance as the head moves down the pelvic cavity and brings the infant's chin to the chest. This allows for the smallest part of the head to begin to push through pelvis and actively promote delivery of the baby.
Internal Rotation occurs when the head continues to descend and comes in contact with the pelvic floor, which has resistant muscles. These muscles allow for the infant to rotate their head to allow their head and shoulders to move through the pelvic. Due to the broad shape of the sacrum, the head of the fetus must be rotated from occiput transverse to occiput anterior position, which means the infant must rotate from the sideways position so the anterior head faces the buttock of the mother.
Extension is the point where the head moves past the pubic symphysis, where it has to curve underneath the birth canal while the anterior head still faces the mother's bottom.
External Rotation (or Restitution) occurs when the baby pauses after the head passes through the body. During this pause, the infant rotates itself sideways (facing the mother's thigh) to allow for the shoulder to fit though the birth canal.
Expulsion is the final step of labor. During this stage, the anterior shoulder moves past the birth canal first then the posterior shoulder. Once both shoulders are out, the baby is delivered through the birth canal completely.While the seven cardinal movements is considered the normal mechanism for labor and delivery of human babies, pelvic sizes and shapes can vary among female humans which can increase the risk of errors in rotations and delivery, especially since these moments are done completely by the baby. One of the biggest issues with the pelvic shape for childbirth is the Ischial spine. Since the ischial spines support the pelvic floor, if the spines are too far apart it can lead to a weakened pelvic floor muscles. This can cause issues as pregnancy progresses, such as difficulty carrying the fetus to full term. Another complication that can occur during human childbirth is shoulder dystocia, where the shoulder is stuck in the birth canal. This can lead to fractured humerus and clavicle of the fetus and hemorrhaging of the mother postpartum. Thus, these neonatal rotations are important in allowing the baby to safely pass through the pelvic and ensure the health of the mother as well.

Gestation length and altriciality
Gestation length in humans is believed to be shorter than most other primates of comparable size. The gestation length for humans is 266 days, or eight days short of nine months, which is counted from the first day of the woman's last menstrual period. During gestation, mothers must support the metabolic cost of tissue growth, both of the fetus and the mother, as well as the ever-increasing metabolic rate of the growing fetus. Comparative data from across mammals and primates suggest that there is a metabolic constraint on how large and energetically expensive a fetus can grow before it must leave the mother's body. It is thought that this shorter gestation period is an adaptation to ensure the survival of mother and child because it leads to altriciality. Neonatal brain and body size have increased in the hominin lineage, and human maternal investment is greater than expected for a primate of our body mass. The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis suggests that in order to successfully undergo childbirth, the infant must be born earlier and earlier, thereby making the child increasingly developmentally premature. The concept of the infant being born underdeveloped is called altriciality. Humans are born with an underdeveloped brain; only 25% of their brains fully developed at birth as opposed to non-human primates where the infant is born with 45–50% brain development. Scientists have believed that the shorter gestation period can be attributed to the narrower pelvis, as the baby must be born before its head reaches a volume that cannot be accommodated by the obstetric canal.

Social assistance
Human infants are also almost always born with assistance from other humans because of the way that the pelvis is shaped. Since the pelvis and opening of birth canal face backwards, humans have difficulty giving birth themselves because they cannot guide the baby out of the canal. Non-human primates seek seclusion when giving birth because they do not need any help due to the pelvis and opening being more forward. Human infants depend on their parents much more and for much longer than other primates. Humans spend a lot of their time caring for their children as they develop whereas other species stand on their own from when they are born. The faster an infant develops, the higher the reproductive output of a female can be. So in humans, the cost of slow development of their infants is that humans reproduce relatively slowly. This phenomenon is also known as cooperative breeding.

Malleable cranium
Humans are born with a very malleable fetal head which is not fully developed when the infant exits the womb. This soft spot on the crown of the infant allows for the head to be compressed in order to better fit through the birth canal without obstructing it. This allows for the head to develop more after birth and for the cranium to continue growing without affecting the birthing process.

Challenges to the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis has had several challenges to it, as more data is collected and analyzed. Several different fields of study have taken an interest in understanding more about the human birth process and that of human ancestor species.

Early brain growth rates
Some studies have shown that higher brain growth rates happen earlier on in ontogeny than previously thought, which challenges the idea that the explanation of the obstetrical dilemma is that humans are born with underdeveloped brains. This is because if brain growth rates were largest in early development, that is when the brain size would increase the most. Premature birth would not allow for a much larger head size if most of the growth had already happened. Also, it has been suggested that maternal pelvic dimensions are sensitive to some ecological factors.

Maternal heat stress
There has been a lot of evidence linking body mass to brain mass, leading to the determination of maternal metabolism as a key factor in the growth of the fetus. Maternal constraints could be largely due to thermal stress or energy availability. A larger brain mass in the neonate corresponds to more energy needed to sustain it. It takes much more energy for the mother if the brain fully develops in the womb. If maternal energy is the limiting factor then an infant can only grow as much as the mother can sustain. Also, because fetal size is positively correlated to maternal energy use, thermal stress is an issue because the larger the fetus, the more the mother can suffer heat stress.

Environmental effects
Additional studies suggest that other factors may further complicate the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis. One of these is dietary shifts, possibly due to the emergence of agriculture. This can be both due to change in diet as well as the increase in population density since agriculture was developed; more people leads to more disease. Studies have also been done in twins to show that pelvic size may be due more to the environment in which they live than their genetics. Another study disproves the thought that narrower hips are optimized for locomotion because it was found that a Late Stone Age population Southern Africa that survived largely on terrestrial mobility had women who had uncharacteristically small body size with large pelvic canals.

Hormones
The pelvis has the most favorable morphology of the obstetric canal between ages 25 and 30. Given that those are the ages of highest fertility, it may indicate that sex-biased autosomal gene expression, regulated by sex-specific hormones and sensitivity of hormone receptors, may have a role in decreasing not just fertility, but also decreasing preferable morphology of the obstetric canal. As a woman ages, these sex hormones and receptors become less active, which will ultimately decrease fertility and preferable morphology of the obstetric canal. The human body will not remain in a specific morphological state if it does not need to maintain that state.

Energetics of gestation and growth hypothesis
The energetics of gestation and growth (EGG) hypothesis offers a direct challenge to the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis, equating the constraints on gestation and parturition to the energy restrictions of the mother. It has been shown in studies using professional athletes and pregnant women, that there is an upper limitation to the amount of energy a woman can produce before it causes deleterious effects: approximately 2.1x their basal metabolic rate. During pregnancy the growing brain mass and length in the neonate correspond to more energy needed to sustain it. This results in a competing balance between the fetus's demand for energy and the maternal ability to meet that demand. At approximately 9 months gestation, the fetus's energy needs surpasses the mother's energy limitation, correlating with the average time of birth. The newly born infant can then be sustained on breast milk, which is a more efficient, less energy demanding mechanism of nutrient transfer between mother and child. Additionally, this hypothesis demonstrates that, contrary to the obstetrical dilemma, an increased pelvic size would not be deleterious to bipedalism. Studying the running mechanics of males and females, it was shown that an increased pelvic size related to neither an increased metabolic nor structural demand on a woman.

Obstetrical dilemma revisited
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis has also been challenged conceptually based on new studies. The authors argue that the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis assumes that human, and therefore hominid, childbirth has been a painful and dangerous experience through the species' evolution. This assumption may be fundamentally false as many early analyses focused on maternal death data from primarily females of European-descent in Western Europe and the United States during the 19th and 20th century, a limited population. In a recent study a covariation between human pelvis shape, stature, and head size is reported. It is said that females with a large head possess a birth canal that can better accommodate large-headed neonates. Mothers with large heads usually give birth to neonates with large heads. Therefore, the detected pattern of covariation contributes to ease childbirth and has likely evolved in response to strong correlational selection. A recent study aimed to evaluate the original ideas under the 'obstetrical dilemma' and provide a detailed, more complex explanation for the tight fetopelvic fit observed in humans. They propose the original obstetrical dilemma hypothesis remains valuable as a foundation to explain the complex combination of evolutionary, ecological, and biocultural pressures that constrain maternal pelvic form and fetal size.


Global News Morning (previously known as Morning News and the Saturday Morning News or the Sunday Morning News on Saturdays and Sundays respectively and the Early Morning News from 5-6 AM) is the name of local morning newscasts airing on Global Television Network's owned-and-operated stations (O&Os) in British Columbia, Calgary, Edmonton, Saskatoon, Regina, Winnipeg, Toronto, Kingston, Peterborough, Montreal, and Halifax with each station producing its own edition of the program. In Ontario, the program was branded The Morning Show, with local variations being produced on Global Toronto, CKWS Kingston, and CHEX Peterborough, before they too adopted the Global News Morning branding.
As part of Shaw Communications' benefit package for acquiring Global and other specialty channels from the bankrupt Canwest, Global O&Os in Toronto, Winnipeg, Regina, Saskatoon, Montreal, and the Maritimes would each launch morning shows for their respective markets. As of January 28, 2013, this promise has been fulfilled by Shaw Media.On April 11, 2016, Global rebranded its local news programs. Morning News, as well as Sunday/Saturday Morning News and Early Morning News are now all known as Global News Morning.
In June 2018, Global News launched a new "L-frame" news format for their morning programs nationwide. The L-frame, which is similar to that on some 24-hour news channels such as CP24 and Global's Sister network, Global News: BC1, provides constant access to weather, traffic, business, and news headlines throughout the whole show. It launched across the network on June 5, 2018.
The latest editions of Global News Morning to launch were those on Global Kingston (formerly CKWS) and Global Peterborough (formerly CHEX). Originally branded as The Morning Show, these programs follow a similar format to other Global News Morning shows east of Alberta, with national and international news being inserted from Global Toronto.

Global BC
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global BC airs from 5:00 to 9:00 AM PT on weekdays. It is simulcast on Global Okanagan. The weekday edition of Global News Morning is hosted by Sonia Sunger with Paul Haysom as news anchor, Mark Madryga as meteorologist, and Katelin Owsianski as in studio traffic anchor with Amber Belzer in Global 1 for airborne traffic. Global News Morning is currently British Columbia's most-watched morning show.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. This edition is hosted by Jennifer Palma with Kasia Bodurka on weather and Jay Janower on sports.

Global Calgary
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global Calgary airs weekdays at 5:00 to 9:00 AM MT. It is simulcast on Global Lethbridge. Global News Morning on Global Calgary is hosted by Dallas Flexhaug and Leslie Horton. Jordan Witzel was the on-air meteorologist for the program until his departure from the station in May 2021.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. Global News Morning on the weekend is hosted by Tracy Nagai and Jodi Hughes.

Global Edmonton
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global Edmonton airs weekdays from 5:00 AM to 9:00 AM MT. It was previously simulcast on CKSA Lloydminster until Global's disaffiliation in December 2021. It is the most watched morning show in Edmonton, consistently beating the nearest competition by a margin of 6 to 1. Global News Morning is hosted by Vinesh Pratap and Erin Chalmers with Daintre Christensen as traffic reporter and Mike Sobel on weather.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. Global News Morning is hosted by Lisa MacGregor and weather specialist Kevin O'Connell.

Global Regina
Global News Morning on Global Regina airs weekdays from 6am to 9am local time. Global News Morning is hosted by Marney Blunt. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2012 along with Morning News on Global Winnipeg and Global Saskatoon after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).

Global Saskatoon
Global News Morning on Global Saskatoon airs weekdays from 6am to 9am local time. Global News Morning on Global Saskatoon is hosted by Chris Carr with Chantal Wagner as weather specialist. Global News Morning was launched in 2012 along with Global News Morning on Global Winnipeg and Global Regina after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).

Global Winnipeg
Global News Morning on Global Winnipeg airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM. It was simulcast on CJBN Kenora, until its closure in early 2017. It debuted on February 6, 2012 and featured the only television news helicopter in Winnipeg, SkyView 1, which has since been grounded. Global News Morning is anchored by Gabrielle Marchand alongside Kahla Evans as weather specialist and Abigail Turner and Corey Callaghan as field reporters. Long-time weather specialist Mike Koncan announced on November 25, 2016 that he would be leaving Global News Morning to begin presenting the weather on Global News at 6 and Global News at 10. Adriana Zhang joined the show on March 6, 2017 as the new weather specialist, where she stayed until December 21, 2018 when she left Global Winnipeg for CTV Calgary. On April 5, 2019 Shannon Cuciz announced on her Instagram that the following week would be her last. Her final newscast aired on April 12, 2019. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2012 along with Morning News on Global Regina and Global Saskatoon after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).
Former Personalities

Fiona Odlum - SkyView1 (now CBC Saskatchewan)
Derek Taylor - Co-Host/Sports (now Saskatchewan Roughriders Play-by-Play Announcer)
Eva Kovacs - Anchor (now Communications at The Royal Canadian Mint)
Megan Bachelor - Reporter/Anchor (now at CBC Vancouver)
Brittany Greenslade - Reporter/Anchor (still reporting at Global Winnipeg)
Holly Alexandruk - Anchor
Cole Deakin - Reporter
Mike Koncan - Weather Specialist (now Weather Specialist for Global News at 6 and 10)
Justine Routhier - SkyView 1 Traffic Reporter (still at Global News Radio 680 CJOB)
Kevin Hirschfield - Reporter (now anchor for Global News at 10)
Adriana Zhang - Weather Specialist (now at CTV Calgary)
Shannon Cuciz - Anchor
Malika Karim - Anchor (now reporter for Global News at 6)

Global Toronto, E! Hamilton, Global Kingston, and Global Peterborough
Global Toronto airs Global News Morning from 6AM to 9:00AM ET on weekdays. It is hosted by Antony Robart, Candace Daniel, and Liem Vu. The show is produced from studios located at Corus Quay Building at 25 Dockside Drive in Toronto.
In 2000, parent company Canwest acquired the broadcasting assets of Western International Communications. Among them was CHCH (OnTV), which relaunched in February 2001 as CH Hamilton and the CH system was launched later that year. CHCH debuted CH Morning Live on February 13, 2001 and currently airs from 5:30AM to 9:00AM ET weekdays. It was renamed to Morning Live in 2007 when CH became E! and continues to air after the station was sold to Channel Zero in 2009.

History
The station debuted a morning news program on July 14, 2003 under the title Global News Morning; it was broadcast weekdays 6AM to 9AM ET. The program was renamed Morning News in 2006  in conjunction with Global's network-wide rebranding exercise. This show was broadcast from 81 Barber Greene Road (Global Toronto Office) in Don Mills from 2003 to 2009.
The newscast was cancelled in January 2009 due to low ratings, and was replaced by a simulcast of then-sister station CHCH-TV's more popular Morning Live show, originating in Hamilton, from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. The CHCH simulcast was dropped in August 2009 after Canwest sold the Hamilton station to Channel Zero; since then, Global Toronto had aired second-run lifestyle programming in the morning timeslot.
On June 1, 2011, Shaw Communications announced that it would relaunch a morning newscast on Global Toronto in the fall of 2011 under the title The Morning Show, instead of using the Morning News moniker found on other Global O&Os. Kris Reyes, Liza Fromer, Dave Gerry and Daru Dhillon were named as the anchors for the three-hour-long show. It debuted on October 11, 2011.
On August 27, 2012, Dhillon left the show. On the same day, CIII launched The News at Noon.  Antony Robart took over Dhillon's position. The News at Noon was produced in the same Bloor Street studio as The Morning Show. On December 12, 2012, it was announced that The Morning Show would be expanded in early 2013 to include an additional half-hour that would be broadcast nationally.
In June 2016, long-time host of The Morning Show, Liza Fromer, was let go from the station after her contract was not renewed. Her position would not be filled on the local morning show and Carolyn Mackenzie would take her place on the national edition.In 2017, Corus Entertainment launched two other local morning news programs on their affiliates CHEX Peterborough (now Global Peterborough) and CKWS Kingston (now Global Kingston), also branded The Morning Show. These shows follow a similar format to other Global News Morning programs east of Alberta, with cut-ins to the Toronto version of the show for national and international news headlines.
On January 28, 2019, Corus Entertainment announced the expansion of the national edition of The Morning Show, extending the show's running time from half an hour to one hour beginning in early March 2019. On February 12, 2019, it was also announced that the local edition of The Morning Show from 6am-9am would be rebranded as Global News Morning, following the naming-scheme of other Global morning shows across the country. Additionally, hosts Jeff McArthur and Carolyn Mackenzie will move exclusively to the extended national edition of The Morning Show, while Global News at 11 co-anchor Antony Robart and former Breakfast Television host Jennifer Valentyne will become the anchors of Global News Morning, along with Liem Vu and Marianne Dimain. The changes took place March 4, 2019. At the same time, The Morning Show was also rebranded to Global News Morning on Global Peterborough and Global Kingston. Jennifer Valentyne (laid off July 2020) was replaced with Candace Daniel in 2021.

Former personalities on Global News Morning
Robin Gill - anchor, 2008–2009 (now with Global National)
Anne-Marie Mediwake - anchor, 2006–2007; later promoted to Global News Hour Toronto And CBC News Network. Previously with CBC Toronto, now with CTV's national morning show Your Morning.
Jennifer Valentyne - anchor 2019–2020

Global Montreal
Global News Morning on Global Montreal airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM ET. The program is broadcast from its studios in the Dominion Square Building in Downtown Montreal, and from various locations in Montreal's West Island area. The show is anchored by Laura Casella with Kim Sullivan as weather specialist. Global News Morning was anchored by Camille Ross with Jessica Laventure as weather specialist until June 2016. Her replacement is Laura Casella, previously of Breakfast Television Montreal. Global News Morning was launched in 2013 along with Global News Morning on Global Maritimes after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Winnipeg, Global Regina, and Global Saskatoon.

History
The Morning News began airing on Global Montreal on January 28, 2013, 5 years after the station's original morning show (This Morning Live) was cancelled.
After being rebranded as Global, Global Montreal aired a live two and a half-hour (and subsequently three) hour weekday morning magazine program called This Morning Live. It was aired in place of cartoons that aired on most Global stations weekday mornings because Quebec provincial law requires children's programming to be shown weekdays commercial-free over the air. A side benefit of this was that it added enough Canadian content to the station's schedule that it could air American talk shows in the afternoon.
The cancellation of This Morning Live was announced in late 2007 and the last program was broadcast on February 27, 2008. To partially make up for the loss of locally produced broadcast hours, the station brought back News Final, which was cancelled in June 2006 due to low ratings.
Long-time Global News Morning personalities Camille Ross and Jessica Laventure both left the show in June 2016. On June 22, Camille Ross announced her departure and officially left on June 23 to move to London, Ontario. Jessica Laventure left on June 30 to work in Punta Cana.

Global Halifax
Global News Morning on Global Halifax airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM AT. It is simulcast on Global New Brunswick. The program is broadcast in high-definition from its new studios on Gottingen Street in Downtown Halifax. It launched on January 28, 2013 and is the only three-hour-long morning news program in the Maritimes. Global News Morning in Halifax is hosted by Alyse Hand and Paul Brothers. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2013 along with Morning News on Global Montreal after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Winnipeg, Global Regina, and Global Saskatoon.

See also
Global News
Rival morning programs include:
Canada AM on CTV and CTV News Channel (now cancelled)
Your Morning on CTV and CTV News Channel (replacement for Canada AM)
CTV Morning Live on select CTV and CTV 2 local stations
Breakfast Television on Citytv
CBC News Now on CBC and CBC News Network
News Hour
The Morning Show

References
External links
Global News launches new Toronto morning show
Canwest eliminates morning and noon TV newscasts at Global Toronto
Shaw Benefits Proposal Includes $43-million for Morning NewsThe Wilhelm Order ("Wilhelmsorden") of Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel) was instituted by the Elector Friedrich Wilhelm I on 20 August 1851 as a civil and military Order of Merit. It was composed of the three lower grades of the Order of the Golden Lion and a Grand Cross was added.
In total the order was awarded more than 450 times in the 16 years of its existence. 
The motto of the Order was Virtuti et Fidelitate, and the ribbon was Carmine-red with red and white borders.
On 1 August 1866, Hesse-Kassel was annexed by Prussia and on 3 October of that same year the Hesse-Kassellian orders were incorporated into the Prussian system of honours. On 27 August 1875 the Order was abolished. Although there were no new awards by the Prussian Kings in the 1866–1875 era, the exiled Elector Friedrich Wilhelm I. awarded the order approximately 8 times until his death in 1875.
The Order is not to be confused with the exclusive

Military Order of William of the Netherlandsor

The Wilhelm-Orden of Prussia.

References
Maximilian Gritzner, Handbuch der Ritter-und Verdienstorden (Leipzig, 1893)
Werner Sauer, Die Orden und Ehrenzeichen des Kurfürstentums Hessen-Kassel (Hamburg, n.d.)Angelica lineariloba is a species of Angelica known as poison angelica or Sierra angelica. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and nearby slopes and flats in California and western Nevada from 6000 to 10,600 ft in elevation. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow stem up to about 1.5 meters tall. The large but feathery leaves are made up of many highly dissected leaflets which are linear to threadlike in shape. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 40 rays holding clusters of small white to cream flowers. There are papery sheaths at the base of each petiole where it branches from the stem (see image at left). The plants overall are rather similar to the other large umbellifers cow parsnip and swamp whiteheads, but cow parsnips have huge lobed but undivided leaves, while swamp whiteheads have pinnate leaves and the individual flowerheads are dense, round balls.

References
N.F. Weeden, A Sierra Nevada Flora, Wilderness Press 1996.

External links
 Media related to Angelica lineariloba at Wikimedia Commons

Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Photo galleryKarekin Khajag (Armenian: Գարեգին Խաժակ; 6 October 1867–1915) was an Armenian journalist, writer, political activist and educator. A member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, Khajag traveled around the world to help support revolutionary activity. During his life, Khajag was imprisoned four times. He became a professor and a principal in several Armenian schools throughout the region. In 1915, Karekin Khajag was arrested and subsequently killed during the Armenian genocide.

Life
Karekin Khajag was born Karekin Chakalian on 6 October 1867 in Alexandropol within the Russian Empire (present-day Gyumri, Armenia). He was called Chakal Oghli (Turkish: son of Chakal), which would later be rendered as Khajag by those around him. In 1883, after attaining his early education locally, he continued his higher education at the Gevorgian Seminary. Graduating  in 1886, Khajag became a teacher and for seven years taught in parochial schools in Baku, Akulis, and Ganja. During his time in Baku, Khajag joined the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF). To further his education, Khajag went to Geneva, where he attended the University of Geneva and studied social sciences. While in Geneva, he began to contribute to the newspaper Droshak, an organ of the ARF.Immediately after his graduation in 1898, Khajag was sent to the Balkans and then Alexandria by the editorial staff of Droshak. After staying in Alexandria for a year, he went to Izmir for six months and finally Constantinople, where he remained for two years.

Karekin Khajag was imprisoned for eight months due to revolutionary activity. He was then exiled to the Caucasus where he continued his work as a teacher. He became the principal of the Armenian school in Shushi for two years. After his marriage, Khajag settled in Tiflis in 1903 and became one of the editors of the Armenian newspaper Mshak. While working for the newspaper, he also taught on the side at the Nersisyan School. In 1906, he became one of the founding editors of the newspaper Harach, working alongside Avetis Aharonian and Yeghisheh Topjian.In 1908 he was arrested and sent to prison, where he remained for six months. After being released, Khajag was arrested again and sent to prison nine months later.After being released from prison in 1912, Khajag returned to Constantinople where he contributed to the local newspaper Azadamard, while becoming a principal of an Armenian school in the district of Samatya.

Death
Karekin Khajag was one of the Armenian leaders deported during the Armenian Genocide. On the night of 24 April 1915, Khajag was arrested and imprisoned in Constantinople, then sent via train to Ayaş, a village located in the interior provinces of the Ottoman Empire. Confined in a prison at Ayaş, Khajag along with Rupen Zartarian, Sarkis Minassian, Khachatur Malumian, Harutiun Jangülian, and Nazaret Daghavarian were to be transferred to Diyarbakir on 2 June. Ostensibly, they were to undergo a court-martial in Diyarbakir; however, Khajag along with the rest were murdered en route in the area of Karacur between Urfa and Severek (today Siverek). The order for the murder was given from Captain Şevket to Haci Onbaşı, a member of the Special Organization.

References
Bibliography
Balakian, Grigoris (2010).  Peter Balakian and Aris Sevag (ed.). Armenian Golgotha: a memoir of the Armenian genocide, 1915-1918 (1st Vintage Books ed.). New York: Vintage Books. ISBN 978-1400096770.
Kevorkian, Raymond H. (2010). The Armenian genocide: a complete history (Reprinted. ed.). London: I. B. Tauris. ISBN 978-1-84885-561-8.
Tasnapetian, Hrach (1990). History of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation. Oemme Edizioni. ISBN 9788885822115.The 2022 season will be the New England Patriots' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 63rd overall, their 21st playing home games at Gillette Stadium and their 23rd under head coach Bill Belichick. They will look to improve on their 10–7 record from last year and make the playoffs for the 19th time since 2000.

Draft
Notes

Exact numbers of the selections from rounds 4–7 will be determined when compensatory selections are awarded at the NFL's annual spring owners' meetings.

Staff
Coaching changes
Current roster
Preseason
The Patriots' preseason opponents and schedule will be announced in the spring.

Regular season
2022 opponents
Listed below are the Patriots' opponents for 2022. Exact dates and times will be announced in the spring.

References
External links
Official websiteHoward Jordan is the former Chief of the Oakland Police Department. Jordan was appointed Interim Chief by Mayor Jean Quan in October 2011 after the resignation of Chief Anthony Batts.  The appointment was made permanent the following February.  Prior to his appointment as Chief, Jordan had accrued over twenty years experience as a member of the Oakland Police Department.Jordan had previously served as Interim Chief in 2009 following the resignation of Wayne Tucker.Jordan announced his retirement due to medical reasons on May 8, 2013. Assistant Chief Anthony Toribio became the department's interim chief in accordance with department policy, replaced by Sean Whent only two days later.


The short-eared owl (Asio flammeus) is a widespread grassland species in the family Strigidae. Owls belonging to genus Asio are known as the eared owls, as they have tufts of feathers resembling mammalian ears. These "ear" tufts may or may not be visible. The short-eared owl will display its tufts when in a defensive pose, although its very short tufts are usually not visible. The short-eared owl is found in open country and grasslands.

Taxonomy
The short-eared owl was formally described in 1763 by the Lutheran bishop Erik Pontoppidan under the binomial name Strix flammea. The specific epithet is from the Latin flammeus meaning "flammulated" or "flame-coloured". This owl is now placed with seven other species in the genus Asio that was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760.Eleven subspecies are recognised:
A. f. flammeus – (Pontoppidan, 1763): the nominate subspecies, found in North America, Europe, North Africa and northern Asia
A. f. cubensis – Garrido, 2007: found in Cuba
A. f. domingensis – (Statius Müller, 1776): found on Hispaniola
A. f. portoricensis – Ridgway, 1882: found in Puerto Rico
A. f. bogotensis – Chapman, 1915: found in Colombia, Ecuador and northwestern Peru
A. f. galapagoensis – (Gould, 1837): found on the Galápagos Islands
A. f. pallidicaudus – Friedmann, 1949: found in Venezuela, Guyana and Suriname
A. f. suinda – (Vieillot, 1817): found from southern Peru and southern Brazil to Tierra del Fuego
A. f. sanfordi – Bangs, 1919: found on the Falkland Islands
A. f. sandwichensis – (A. Bloxam, 1827): Pueo or Hawaiian short-eared owl - found on the Hawaiian Islands
A. f. ponapensis – Mayr, 1933: found on eastern Caroline Island

Description
The short-eared owl is a medium-sized owl measuring 34–43 cm (13–17 in) in length and weighing 206–475 g (7.3–16.8 oz). It has large eyes, a big head, a short neck, and broad wings. Its bill is short, strong, hooked and black. Its plumage is mottled tawny to brown with a barred tail and wings. The upper breast is significantly streaked. Its flight is characteristically floppy due to its irregular wingbeats. The short-eared owl may also be described as "moth or bat-like" in flight. Wingspans range from 85 to 110 cm (33 to 43 in). Females are slightly larger than males. The yellow-orange eyes of A. flammeus are exaggerated by black rings encircling each eye, giving the appearance of them wearing mascara, and large, whitish disks of plumage surrounding the eyes like a mask.

Calls
Short-eared owls have a scratchy bark-like call. Raspy waowk, waowk, waowk or toot-toot-toot-toot-toot sounds are common. A loud eeee-yerp is also heard on breeding grounds. However, short-eared owls are silent on the wintering grounds.

Separation from the long-eared owl
Through much of its range, short-eared owls occurs with the similar-looking long-eared owl. At rest, the ear-tufts of the long-eared owl serve to easily distinguish the two (although long-eared owls can sometimes hold their ear-tufts flat). The iris-colour differs: yellow in the short-eared, and orange in the long-eared, and the black surrounding the eyes is vertical on the long-eared, and horizontal on the short-eared. Overall the short-eared tends to be a paler, sandier bird than the long-eared. There are a number of other ways in which the two species the differ which are best seen when they are flying: a) the short-eared often has a broad white band along the rear edge of the wing, which is not shown by the long-eared; b) on the upperwing, short-eared owls' primary-patches are usually paler and more obvious; c) the band on the upper side of the short-eared owl's tail are usually bolder than those of the long-eared; d) the short-eared's innermost secondaries are often dark-marked, contrasting with the rest of the underwing; e) the long-eared owl has streaking throughout its underparts, whereas on the short-eared the streaking ends at the breast; f) the dark markings on the underside of the tips of the longest primaries are bolder on the short-eared owl; g) the upper parts are coarsely blotched, whereas on the long-eared they are more finely marked. The short-eared owl also differs structurally from the long-eared, having longer, slimmer wings: the long-eared owl has wings shaped more like those of a tawny owl. The long-eared owl generally has different habitat preferences from the short-eared, most often being found concealed in areas with dense wooded thickets. The short-eared owl is often most regularly seen flying about in early morning or late day as it hunts over open habitats.

Pictures

Distribution and habitat
The short-eared owl occurs on all continents except Antarctica and Australia; thus it has one of the most widespread distributions of any bird. A. flammeus breeds in Europe, Asia, North and South America, the Caribbean, Hawaii and the Galápagos Islands. It is partially migratory, moving south in winter from the northern parts of its range. The short-eared owl is known to relocate to areas of higher rodent populations. It will also wander nomadically in search of better food supplies during years when vole populations are low. (See a map of the short-eared owl's distribution across the New World.)

Behaviour
Breeding
Sexual maturity is attained at one year. Breeding season in the northern hemisphere lasts from March to June, peaking in April. During this time these owls may gather in flocks. During breeding season, the males make great spectacles of themselves in flight to attract females. The male swoops down over the nest flapping its wings in a courtship display. These owls are generally monogamous.
The short-eared owl nests on the ground in prairie, tundra, savanna, or meadow habitats. Nests are concealed by low vegetation, and may be lightly lined by weeds, grass, or feathers. Approximately 4 to 7 white eggs are found in a typical clutch, but clutch size can reach up to a dozen eggs in years when voles are abundant. There is one brood per year. The eggs are incubated mostly by the female for 21–37 days. Offspring fledge at a little over four weeks. This owl is known to lure predators away from its nest by appearing to have a crippled wing.

Food and feeding
Hunting occurs mostly at night, but this owl is known to be diurnal and crepuscular as well. Its daylight hunting seems to coincide with the high-activity periods of voles, its preferred prey. It tends to fly only feet above the ground in open fields and grasslands until swooping down upon its prey feet-first. Several owls may hunt over the same open area. Its food consists mainly of rodents, especially voles, but it will eat other small mammals such as mice, ground squirrels, shrews, rats, bats, muskrats and moles. It will also occasionally predate smaller birds, especially when near sea-coasts and adjacent wetlands at which time they attack shorebirds, terns and small gulls and seabirds with semi-regularity. Avian prey is more infrequently preyed on inland and centers on passerines such as larks, icterids, starlings, tyrant flycatchers and pipits. Insects supplement the diet and short-eared owls may prey on roaches, grasshoppers, beetles, katydids and caterpillars. Competition can be fierce in North America with the northern harrier, with which the owl shares similar habitat and prey preferences. Both species will readily harass the other when prey is caught.Because of the high pH in the stomach of owls they have a reduced ability to digest bone and other hard parts, they eject pellets containing the remains of their prey.

Conservation status
It is listed as declining in the southern portion of its US range. It is common in the northern portion of its breeding range.It is listed as endangered in New Mexico. Its appearance at the Calverton Executive Airpark on Long Island has prompted the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation to take the lead on ruling whether a massive redevelopment of the airport will receive the necessary environmental permits.

References
Identification
Davis, A.H.; Prytherch, R.J. (1976). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 69: 281–287.
Kemp, J.B. (1982). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 227.
Robertson, Iain S. (1982). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 227–229.
Kemp, J.B. (1982). "Tail-lengths of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 230.

External links
Short-eared Owl - Asio flammeus - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
"Short-eared owl media". Internet Bird Collection.
Riverhead, NY News Review article about the appearance of short-eared owls at EPCAL
Ageing and sexing (PDF; 3.7 MB) by Javier Blasco-Zumeta & Gerd-Michael Heinze
BirdLife species factsheet for Asio flammeus
"Asio flammeus". Avibase. 
Short-eared owl photo gallery at VIREO (Drexel University)
Interactive range map of Asio flammeus at IUCN Red List maps
Audio recordings of Short-eared owl on Xeno-canto.Peta-Kaye Croft (born 5 August 1972, in Mount Isa) is an Australian Labor Party politician who represented the seat of Broadwater in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. She entered Parliament at the 2001 election by defeating Allan Grice. She was defeated at the 2012 election by Verity Barton.
She was born in Mount Isa and lived in Townsville and Brisbane during her early years. She was educated on the Gold Coast boarding at St Hilda's School, and graduating from Griffith University with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Japanese. Croft is also a qualified swimming instructor and has strong interests in the environment and protecting native flora and fauna.


The Pines Theater is a historic movie theater located in Lufkin, Texas.  Built in 1925, it was designed by architect Shirley Simons and/or W. P. Berry in Moderne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.  The City of Lufkin purchased the theater in 2007.  The City has undertaken extensive restoration efforts on the theater from 2009 to 2012.

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Angelina County, Texas

References
External links
 Media related to Pines Theatre at Wikimedia CommonsThe 2017 Budha Subba Gold Cup is the 19th edition of the Budha Subba Gold Cup held in Dharan and organised by Redbull . 10 teams participated in the tournament. The defending champions Manang Marshyangdi Club did not participate. All matches were held at the ANFA Technical Center Dharan-17. In total, eight teams from Nepal participated in the tournament and were joined by two teams from India. United Sikkim FC from Gangtok, India was also supposed to play in this tournament but had to withdraw due to a "technical problem". It was replaced by Kanchanjunga FC.

Teams
Bracket
The following is the bracket which the 2017 Budha Subba Gold Cup resembled. Numbers in parentheses next to the match score represent the results of a penalty shoot-out.

Awards and Prize Money
Prize Money for winning team: NPRs 500,000 (Nepal Police Club)
Prize Money for runners-up: NPRs 250,000 (Sankata FC)
Highest Goal Scorer Award: Ju Manu Rai and Anil Gurung (both Sankata FC) They each get NPRs 12,500 as prize money.
Best Coach Award: Kumar Katuwal (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Striker of the Tournament Award: Ju Manu Rai (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Midfielder of the Tournament Award: Heman Gurung (Dharan F.C.) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Defender of the Tournament Award: Bikram Dhimal (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Goalkeeper of the Tournament Award: Roshan Khadka (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Rising Player of the Tournament Award: Rajin Subba (Dharan F.C.) Prize money: NPRs 10,000


The 20th Avenue station is a local station on the BMT West End Line of the New York City Subway, located at the intersection of 20th Avenue and 86th Street in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. It is served by the D train at all times.

History
20th Avenue opened on July 29, 1916, as part of an extension of the BMT West End Line from 18th Avenue to 25th Avenue. The line was originally a surface excursion railway to Coney Island, called the Brooklyn, Bath and Coney Island Railroad, which was established in 1862, but did not reach Coney Island until 1864. Under the Dual Contracts of 1913, an elevated line was built over New Utrecht Avenue, 86th Street and Stillwell Avenue, replacing the surface railway.The platforms were extended in the 1950s to accommodate the current standard B Division train length of 615 feet (187 m).
In 2012, the station was rehabilitated with funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Station layout
This elevated station has two side platforms and three tracks. The center express track is not normally used. The Coney Island-bound platform is slightly to the south of the Manhattan-bound platform, which accounts for the locations where the platforms were extended.
Both platforms have beige windscreens along their entire length and brown canopies with green frames and support columns in the center. The exposed section of the platforms have black, full-height lampposts at regular intervals. The station signs feature the standard black station name plate with white lettering.
The 2012 artwork here is called Kaleidoscope by Odili Donald Odita. It features abstract laminated glass windows on the platform windscreens based on Odita's visual memories of the Bensonhurst neighborhood.

Exits
This station has one elevated station house beneath the center of the platforms and tracks. Two staircases from each platform go down to a waiting area/crossunder, where a turnstile bank provides access to and from the station. Outside fare control, there is a token booth and four staircases going down to all corners of 20th Avenue and 86th Street.

References
External links
nycsubway.org – BMT West End Line: 20th Avenue
Station Reporter — D Train
20th Avenue entrance from Google Maps Street View
Platforms from Google Maps Street View
20th Avenue at TheSubwayNut Archived 2020-07-06 at the Wayback MachineThe Canadian Rustic Pony is a breed of pony that originated in Canada, particularly Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The pony is the result of a crossing between the Heck horse and Welsh pony-Arabian horse crosses.

History
The Canadian Rustic Pony was developed by Dr. Peter Neufeld of Manitoba, Canada.  Breeders developed the breed by crossing Heck horses from the Atlanta Zoo in Atlanta, Georgia with Arabian horse-Welsh pony crosses. On January 23, 1989, the Canadian Rustic Pony Association was formed, incorporated under the new Canadian federal Animal Pedigree Act, also known as Bill C-67. Prior to this, since 1978, Canadian rustic ponies had been registered through a registry based in the United States, and as of September 1989, 72 ponies had been US-registered. These ponies were eligible to become double-registered under the Canadian and US registries, and many did so. No ponies were found outside of Manitoba and Saskatchewan as of September 1989, but this was expected to change as more breeders became aware of the new breed.

Characteristics
These ponies stand between 12.2 and 13.2 hands (50 and 54 inches, 127 and 137 cm) high. They can be gray, buckskin, dun or bay, have primitive markings such as dorsal and zebra stripes, and have partially raised manes. The facial profile is straight or slightly dished, with a prominent jaw. The neck is thick but arched, the girth and shoulders thick, and the croup slightly sloping. The legs are strong, and the ponies are said to move fluidly, especially at the trot. The Canadian Rustic Pony is used mainly for jumping, driving or as family pets.

References
Further reading
Genesis Magazine, 2003, Volume 18, Issues 1 & 2 - (See here [1] for magazine contents).James Troha is an American academic administrator, currently serving as President of Juniata College in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania. Troha took office in 2013.

Early life and education
Troha is a native of Cleveland, Ohio. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in criminal justice and Master's degree in counseling from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania. He earned a PhD in educational policy from the University of Kansas.

Career
Prior to assuming his role as president of Juniata College, Troha worked as an administrator at Heidelberg University, first as vice president for student affairs and dean of students, vice president for institutional advancement and university relations, and interim president from 2008 to 2009. From 2009 to 2013, he served as the university's vice president for institutional advancement and university relation. In 2013, it was announced that Troha has been selected by the Juniata College Board of Trustees to serve as the institution's 12th president. He took office on June 1, 2013.


Gymnopis syntrema is a species of caecilian in the family Dermophiidae. It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and possibly Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.

References
External links
Amphibian WebJames Winder Good (1877 - 1930) was an Irish political journalist and writer. Rejecting the Unionism of his Protestant youth, Good migrated from the Belfast Newsletter to Dublin's Freeman's Journal. In the years leading to Irish statehood and Partition he was a persistent critic of British policy and of Irish sectarianism. 
Good was born 15 January 1877 in Limerick, eldest son of Benjamin Good, an RIC constable, and Margaret Good (née Winder). His family moved to Belfast and he was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, where he befriended Robert Wilson Lynd and Paul Henry. Lynd recalled Good remarking that he wouldn't miss a Belfast riot for the offer of a first-night seat at a London play.Good graduated from Queen's College Belfast began his journalistic career in Belfast as a reporter with the Newsletter. He supported the Ulster Literary Theatre. In 1908, the company produced his play "Leaders of the people" at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin. Written under the pseudonym ‘Robert Harding’, the Ibsenite drama focuses on the trials of new conciliation party candidate in an Ulster election. Good was assistant editor of the Northern Whig before moving in 1916, the year of the Easter Rising, to Dublin to work as a leader writer for the Freeman's Journal, a paper closely allied to the Irish Parliamentary Party.Despite his aversion to Partition, Good supported acceptance of twenty-six county dominion statehood under the  Anglo-Irish Treaty. He believed that "hard" economic facts would persuade the Unionist six-county regime in Belfast that economic stability required "working arrangements" with the new Free State government in Dublin, and might, in time, "open the eyes of its former devotees to the drawbacks of Partition".In 1921, Good published a short polemical biography of the Land League activist Michael Davitt. It expresses Good's preference for a national politics based on open organisation (as opposed to the "Fenianism" of Davitt's early years) and on popular economic and social interest. He lauds Davitt as the man whose "hammer strokes destroyed a system of land tenure, which for over three centuries had been the most powerful instrument in encompassing the economic degradation of the Irish people, and ensuring their subjugation to alien rule."As leader writer and drama critic Good joined of the Irish Independent when, after the anti-Treaty IRA destroyed its presses, the Freeman's Journal merged with the paper in 1924. Good was also a regular correspondent for British and U.S. newspapers.From 1923 Good was assistant to George William Russell as editor of the Irish Statesman (1923–30) "the first major post-independence Irish intellectual review." Contributors included W.B. Yeats, George Bernard Shaw and Susan Langstaff Mitchell.Good died in Dublin on 2 May 1930.
Works:

Leaders of the people (play written under the pseudonym Robert Harding; premiered at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin, 1908)
Ulster and Ireland (Maunsel & Co. Ltd, Dublin, 1919)
Irish Unionism  (Dublin: Talbot Press, 1920)
Michael Davitt  (Cumann Leigeacrai an Phobail, Dublin, 1921).
"Two Irish Patriots (Dr William Drennan and Mrs Martha McTier)", Studies: an Irish Quarterly Review 10:38, 1921.


Margaret Bennett (born 27 October 1946) is a Scottish writer, folklorist, ethnologist, broadcaster, and singer. Her main interests lies in the field of traditional Scottish folk culture and cultural identity of the Scots in Scotland and abroad. The late Hamish Henderson, internationally distinguished poet and folklorist, said about her: Margaret embodies the spirit of Scotland.

Biography
Margaret Bennett grew up in a family of tradition bearers: Gaelic, from her mother's side, and Irish and Lowland Scots from her father's. She and her three sisters lived their childhood in the Isle of Skye, "in a household where singing, playing music, dancing and storytelling were a way of life as were traditional crafts." The family moved to the Isle of Lewis in the late 1950s, and then to the Shetland Islands between 1963–1964, when her father (a civil engineer) emigrated to Newfoundland, Canada. When visiting him in 1965, she came across the newly founded Folklore Department at Memorial University of Newfoundland. There, under the direction of Prof. Herbert Halpert, she realised that her cultural heritage "was a subject you could actually study and get a degree in."After finishing her teacher training in Scotland with distinction, Bennett returned to Newfoundland, where she worked as an elementary school teacher in St. John's between 1967–68. From 1968 she attended the University, intermittently lecturing part-time at St. John's Vocational College, then, in 1975, earned a post-graduate MA from M.U.N. She spent a year in Quebec as folklorist for the Museum of Man (now Canadian Museum of Civilization, across the Ottawa River) before returning to Scotland. Between 1977–1984, she worked as a special education teacher in the Scottish Education Department. From 1984 to 1995, she was lecturer in Scottish Ethnology at the School of Scottish Studies of the University of Edinburgh. Since October 1995 she has been Glasgow Honorary Research Fellow of the University of Glasgow (attached to Glasgow-Strathclyde School of Scottish Studies) and lecturer in folklore at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland in Glasgow.
She is the mother of the late Martyn Bennett.

Academic life
1967: Dip Ed (Distinction), Jordanhill College of Education (University of Strathclyde), Glasgow.
1970: she received a BA(Ed) in Education from the Memorial University of Newfoundland at St. John's.
1975: she earned a post-graduate MA in Folklore from M.U.N. defending her thesis "Some Aspects of the Scottish Gaelic Traditions of the Codroy Valley, Newfoundland", where she records and analyses the traditions of the Gaelic-speaking settlers in the Codroy Valley.
1994: she achieved a PhD in Ethnology from the University of Edinburgh with a thesis entitled "Hebridean Traditions of the Eastern Townships of Quebec: A Study in Cultural Identity".

Works
The Last Stronghold: Scottish Gaelic Traditions in Newfoundland (Canada's Atlantic Folklore-folklife series). Canongate Books Ltd, Breakwater Books Ltd, 1989 / ISBN 0-86241-197-1 - ISBN 978-0-86241-197-8, ISBN 0-920911-38-2 - ISBN 978-0-920911-38-9
Oatmeal and the Catechism: Scottish Gaelic Settlers  in Quebec (Mcgill-Queen's Studies in Ethnic History). McGill Queens University Press, Birlinn, 1999, 2002, 2004. ISBN 0-7735-1810-X – ISBN 978-0-7735-1810-0,ISBN 0-85976-574-1, ISBN 978-0-85976-574-9, ISBN 0-85976-461-3 - ISBN 978-0-85976-461-2, ISBN 0-7735-1810-X – ISBN 978-0-7735-1810-0, ISBN 0-7735-2775-3
Scottish Customs from the Cradle to the Grave. Polygon, Birlinn Ltd, 1993, 1998, 2004. ISBN 978-1-84158-293-1, ISBN 978-0-7486-6118-3.
Then another thing-Remembered in Perthshire: reminiscences, rhymes, games, songs and stories. (With Doris Rougvie) Perth &  Kinross Council Educations Services, 2000. ISBN 0-905452-31-3  - ISBN 978-0-905452-31-9
Recollections of an Argyllshire Drover: And Other Selected Papers Eric Cregeen (ed. Margaret Bennett). John Donald Publishers Ltd, 2004. ISBN 0-85976-575-X – ISBN 978-0-85976-575-6
‘See when You look Back…’ Clydeside Reminiscences of the Home Front, 1939–45. The Mitchell Library, 2005. ISBN 0-906169-58-5
'It's Not the Time You Have...': Notes and Memories of Music-Making with Martyn Bennett. Grace Note Publications, 2006. ISBN 0-9552326-1-9 - ISBN 978-0-9552326-1-9

Discography
Love and Loss – Remembering Martyn in Scotland's Music, 2007
Take the road to Aberfeldy, 2007
Glen Lyon, 2002
In the sunny long ago…, 2000 (all arrangements and production by Margaret and Martyn Bennett)

Prizes and homages (main)
Michaelis-Jena Ratcliff Folklore Prize (1991, for her book The Last Stronghold)
The Scotch Malt Whisky Society Award (1994)
The Donald Fergusson International Essay Prize (1995) for her study of Gaelic Song in Eastern Canada
Master Music Maker Award (1998)
The Clio Award for Quebec, Canadian Historical Association/Société historique du Canada (1999, for her book Oatmeal and the Catechism)
Exceptional Celtic Woman Award from Celtic Women International, (2003)
Honorary Life Membership of the Traditional Music and Song Association of Scotland (2007)

References
External links
Personal page
Biography at the American Folklife Center
Margaret Bennett discography at MusicBrainzKlein is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States, roughly bordering Texas State Highway 99 to the north, Texas State Highway 249 to the west, Interstate 45 to the east, and the city of Houston to the south. It includes the entire area of Klein ISD. Residents of the zip codes 77066, 77069, 77086, 77379, 77388, 77389 and 77391 can use Klein as their postal city. Klein is one of the most diverse, as well as being one of the largest unincorporated areas of Houston. 
It is named after Adam Klein, a German immigrant whose best-known great-great-grandson is singer Lyle Lovett. Other famous sons and daughters of the Klein community include actor Jim Parsons, actor Lee Pace, actor Matthew Bomer, actress Lynn Collins, actress Sherry Stringfield, singer/songwriter Derek Webb, songwriter Aaron Tate, singer/songwriter Chase Hamblin, actor Ben Rappaport, Major League Baseball players David Murphy and Josh Barfield, NFL players Randy Bullock, Ashton Youboty, Mike Green (running back), and Olympic gold medalists Laura Wilkinson, Simone Biles, and Chad Hedrick as well as Kevin M. Klein chef and restaurateur Klein is served by David Wayne Hooks Memorial Airport, one of just a few privately owned airports in the U.S. to have a Federal Aviation Administration control tower, and home to Civil Air Patrol's Delta Composite Squadron.

Geography
Klein has a Humid subtropical climate with a 9a Hardiness zone. The area is susceptible to hurricanes and flooding.
The area serves as a fringe ecocline  boundary between the Piney Woods, southern post oak savanna, and prairie land as an extension of the Western Gulf coastal grasslands. 
Much of the original ecosystem had been cleared for farming. Since then, the community has been rapidly built up by subdivisions, businesses, and mixed land use — and thus very little of the area represents its native ecosystem. 
Most of the core Klein area sits between Spring Creek to the north, separating Tomball to the northwest by Willow Creek, and Cypress Creek is the waterway that passes through the center of the greater Klein area. Both these creeks are tributaries to lower Spring Creek (Harris County, Texas) and ultimately Lake Houston.
Parcels along Cypress Creek contain a mix of older undisturbed bottomland forest, private residence, and well-maintained bike trails through public parks. 
Prairie-like stretches of oak (Quercus virginiana) and various hardwoods, draped in Spanish moss, are present in and around the Raveneaux Country Club, Klein High School, as well as in public spaces such as Meyer Park.
The Klein Kissing Tree is in Klein. In April 2020 the Texas A&M Forest Service designated it as one of several historic "kissing trees" in the state.

Flora
A well-preserved oxbow lake habitat can be found in the Ponderosa Walking Park. Dwarf palmetto Sabal minor and southern magnolia Magnolia grandiflora trees are found in the understory and near the edges of bodies of water and swamps, as well as bald cypress (Taxodium distichum) sweetgum (Liquidambar styraciflua), water oak (Quercus nigra), and black tupelo (Nyssa sylvatica) all being present.

Fauna
Reptiles from common species like the Red-ear slider turtle, and green anole (Anolis carolinensis), American green tree frog, to more precarious species such as the venomous Texas coral snake Micrurus tener, and the American alligator.

Government and infrastructure
Local government
The Klein Volunteer Fire Department, headquartered at 16810 Sqyures and operates with eight stations, serves areas considered to be Klein. KVFD stations in areas with Klein postal addresses. Klein FD is funded by Harris County ESD 16.
Klein FD is operated under a Fire Chief, Deputy Fire Chief, 2 District Chiefs and 3 Safety Officers.
Klein FD station locations.
Station 31 at 18337 Stuebner-Airline Road.               Engine 31, Tower 31, Tanker 31. Reserve Engine 39
Station 32 is at Gladebrook and West FM 1960.            Engine 32, Ladder 32, Utility 32
Station 33 at 9755 Landry Boulevard                      Engine 33, Rescue 33, Tanker 33
Station 34 at 16810 Squyres Road.                        Engine 34, Rescue 34, Squad 34, Reserve Engine 38
Station 35 at Boudreaux near Miramar Lake Blvd.          Engine 35, Rehab 35, Booster 35
Station 36 at N. Eldridge Parkway at North Point Blvd.   Engine 36, Ladder 36, Booster 36
Station 37 at 5518 Winding Ridge Drive.                  Engine 37, Equipment 37, Utility 37

County, state, and federal representation
Klein is within Harris County Precinct 4. As of 2015, R. Jack Cagle is the Precinct 4 County Commissioner.
The community is served by the Harris County Sheriff's Office District I Patrol, headquartered from the Cypresswood Substation at 6831 Cypresswood Drive.The Harris Health System (formerly Harris County Hospital District) designated the Acres Homes Health Center for the ZIP code 77379. The designated public hospital is Lyndon B. Johnson Hospital in northeast Houston.Dan Crenshaw is the U.S. Representative for the 2nd Congressional District serving Klein, Texas. State Representative Valoree Swanson represents the 150th legislative district. 
The United States Postal Service operates the Klein Post Office at 7717 Louetta Road.

Education
The Klein community is primarily served by the Klein Independent School District. However a few minuscule portions of Klein are served by the Spring ISD and the Cypress-Fairbanks ISD.
The Klein ISD area joined the North Harris Montgomery Community College District (now Lone Star College) in 1998. The Texas Legislature designated Klein ISD a part of the Lone Star College district.

Demographics
The 2016 estimate for the Klein area was 200,805 people. The racial makeup of the town was 46.3 percent White, 32.4 percent Black, 0.6 percent Native American, 14.8 percent Asian, 0.1 percent Pacific Islander, 5.8 percent from other races. Persons of Hispanic origin, regardless of race, accounted for 28.9 percent of the population.  About 27.7% of families live below the poverty line.
Black Americans have been well represented in the Kohrville community dating back since the Reconstruction era. Kohrville school served the area up until 1928, when students were consolidated into to Rural High School District Number One, which eventually became Klein High School.

Parks and recreation
Harris County Precinct 4 Commissioner operates the 7-acre (28,000 m2) Klein Park. The park has four lighted athletic ball fields and toilet facilities.Meyer Park, a 40-acre park,  which straddles Cypresswood Road has 38 multiple-sized soccer fields for different age groups. The park also has 4 baseball fields, a playground, a dog park, toilet facilities, and pavilions.

References
External links

Klein, Texas from the Handbook of Texas Online
Hooks Airport Web Site
Delta Composite Squadron, Civil Air Patrol
Klein Volunteer Fire Department
Cypress Creek EMS
Klein Independent School District
Story about Lyle Lovett's connection to KleinKatherine "Kat" Nestel (born April 3, 1990) is an American recording artist and songwriter. In June 2013 she signed with management company 1916 MGMT, and soon after she signed a publishing deal with BMG Chrysalis.
As of February 2014, Kat has signed with production team The Monsters and the Strangerz for her artist project. She is currently writing on various Top 40 projects with The Suspex, Jonas Jeberg, Matt Squire, The Stereotypes, Jean Baptiste and more. Kat gained mainstream recognition for her brief stint on the popular Fox show American Idol. She has also gained notability from her various YouTube videos with Rome from Sublime with Rome, many of which have garnered over 2 million views. In 2010, Kat sang background vocals on the Dirty Heads song "Lay Me Down" which eventually became a #1 Hit on the Billboard Alternative and All Formats Rock charts.In January 2015, she collaborated with Dutch EDM duo Vicetone to provide vocals for the track 'No Way Out' which was released on Spinnin' Records, as well as for 'Nothing Stopping Me' and 'Angels'.

Biography
Kat is a singer/songwriter from Orange County, California. She draws inspiration from her life experiences and the artists she grew up emulating. Kat started performing at a young age, and has performed over 300 shows in Southern California since she began playing at the age of 14. Kat has formed relationships with many influential musicians and industry professionals, which has helped lead to many notable collaborations with artists like The Dirty Heads and Rome. Recently, Kat made her first national television appearance, when she performed on "Chasing Rainbows" and "Supergirl" on AXS Live.


Jack Kyle Farris (born May 6, 1934) is a retired major general in the United States Air Force.

Biography
Farris was born in Fennimore, Wisconsin, in 1934. He attended the University of Southern California and Dartmouth College.
Farris married his wife, Nina, in 1958. They had two children together, a son, Kyle Farris, and a daughter, Karen Farris Luce. Jack and Nina Farris have four grandchildren and currently reside in Florida.

Career
Farris graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1957. Later he graduated from the Squadron Officer School, the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, and the Air War College. In 1964 he was assigned to the United States Air Force Academy as an air officer commanding. During the Vietnam War he served with the 12th Air Commando Squadron. Later he was named Deputy Commandant of the Cadet Wing and of Military Instruction at the Air Force Academy. From 1979 to 1981 he held command of the 2nd Bombardment Wing. In 1984 he was named Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Planning and Analysis of the Strategic Air Command. Later he became vice commander of the 15th Air Force. His retirement was effective as of September 1, 1989.
Awards he has received include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Purple Heart, the Meritorious Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Air Medal with silver oak leaf cluster and four bronze oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Combat Readiness Medal, the Parachutist Badge, and the Missile Badge.


Chestertown Historic District is a national historic district located at Chestertown, Warren County, New York.  It includes seven contributing buildings. It includes the Fowler Homestead and related outbuildings, the Church of the Good Shepherd (1884, addition 1954), Chester Town Hall, the Fowler cemetery, and centennial monument (1913).  The Fowler Homestead is a Greek Revival style home constructed in the mid-1840s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.


The Royal Maintenance Corps "silah al siyana al-malaki" (سلاح الصيانة الملكي) is a branch of the Jordanian Armed Forces. It must furnish continuous operation to the field and is responsible for flow of parts, and for every vehicle being operational and ready for battle. The corps' engineers are also responsible for upgrading the tanks in use.

Role in improving the Jordanian military
The maintenance corps role in improving Jordanian ground units, is to apply enhanced targeting systems on the M60 Patton,  the full reconstruction of several other vehicles such as the Centurion tank and to upgrade the 274 Chieftain tank  in a redesign called Khalid ibn al-Walid.
The Jordanian engineers were able to revolutionise the Challenger 1 turret system with an auto loader and a 120 mm smooth-bore gun. Maintenance specialists were sent to the United States and Britain for advanced training.

History
In 1972, the Chieftain Tank needed enhancement in order to meet changing military needs. The Corps Commander, Major General Kharabsheh, installed the new laser targeting system on several tanks including the M60. This move was revolutionary for the Jordanian military. It made it possible for the cavalry to balance power with its neighbors.

Commanders
The king of Jordan selected the commanders of the corps. A list follows:

Brigadier General Engineer Nael AL-Ragad 2009–present
Major General Abdilwahab Kharabsheh ? - 1992
Major General Mosleh AlMuthanna AlYamani 1988-1992
Brigadier General Waleed a. Samkari 1992 - ?
Major General Engineer Fadel Mohammed Ali 2000 - 2001

References
External links
Royal Jordanian maintenance corp
Jordanian armed forces