Campamento ("camp", or "tent city") and población callampa ("mushroom town") are terms given in Chile to shanty towns. The term "mushroom town" refers to the speed in which these informal settlements sprung up between the 1960s and the 1980s, literally overnight. Nowadays, the term campamento has replaced "mushroom town".

Definition
According to the NGO Un Techo para Chile ("A roof for Chile"), a campamento is defined as a group of crude dwellings of more than eight families, lacking at least one of the following basic services: drinking water, electricity and wastewater treatment, and which are illegally residing on the land.

Population
As of 2004, there were 531 campamentos in Chile. A total of 27,785 houses were home to 32,371 families in these shanty towns. It was estimated that 75% of that population was living below the national poverty line and 41% living under extreme poverty. According to figures released by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Development (MINVU), in 2011, there were 657 campamentos, in which 27,378 families lived and in 2018, there were 822 campamentos, where 46,423 families live.Between 2010 and 2020, the total number of campamentos grew by 22%. The highest increases were seen in the cities of Antofagasta, Calama, Copiapó, Iquique-Alto Hospicio, La Serena, Valparaíso and Viña del Mar.

See also
Squatting in Chile


Sir Frederick William Mallandaine Ashton  (17 September 1904 – 18 August 1988) was a British ballet dancer and choreographer. He also worked as a director and choreographer in opera, film and revue.
Determined to be a dancer, despite the opposition of his conventional middle-class family, Ashton was accepted as a pupil by Léonide Massine and then by Marie Rambert. In 1926 Rambert encouraged him to try his hand at choreography, and though he continued to dance professionally, with success, it was as a choreographer that he became famous.
Ashton was chief choreographer to Ninette de Valois, from 1935 until her retirement in 1963, in the company known successively as the Vic-Wells Ballet, the Sadler's Wells Ballet and the Royal Ballet. He succeeded de Valois as director of the company, serving until his own retirement in 1970.
Ashton is widely credited with the creation of a specifically English genre of ballet. Among his best-known works are Façade (1931), Symphonic Variations (1946),  Cinderella (1948),  La fille mal gardée (1960),  Monotones I and II (1965), Enigma Variations (1968) and the feature film ballet The Tales of Beatrix Potter (1970).

Life and career
Early years
Ashton was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador, the fourth of the five children of George Ashton (1864–1924) and his second wife, Georgiana (1869–1939), née Fulcher. George Ashton was manager of the Central and South American Cable Company and vice-consul at the British consulate in Guayaquil.In 1907, the family moved to Lima, Peru, where Ashton attended a Dominican school. When they returned to Guayaquil in 1914, he attended a school for children of the English colony. One of his formative influences was serving as an altar boy, which inspired in him a love of ritual, as demonstrated in The Wise Virgins. Another, still more potent, influence was being taken to see Anna Pavlova dance in 1917. He was immediately determined that he would become a dancer.Dancing was not a career acceptable to a conventional English family at that time. Ashton later recalled, "My father was horrified. You can imagine the middle-class attitude. My mother would say, 'He wants to go on the stage.' She could not bring herself to say 'into the ballet.'" Ashton's father sent him to England in 1919 to Dover College, where he was miserable. Homosexual, and with an accent that his classmates laughed at, he did not fit in at a minor public school of the early 1920s.He was not academically inclined, and his father decided that, upon leaving the school in 1921, Ashton should join a commercial company. He worked for an import-export firm in the City of London, where his ability to speak Spanish and French as well as English was an advantage. In January 1924, George Ashton committed suicide. His widow was left financially dependent on her elder sons, who ran a successful business in Guayaquil. She moved to London to be with Ashton and his younger sister, Edith.

Massine and Rambert
Despite family disapproval (and at first in secret) Ashton pursued his ambition to dance professionally. He auditioned for Léonide Massine; at the unusually late age of twenty he was accepted as a pupil. After Massine left London, Ashton was taken on as a student by Marie Rambert. She encouraged him to try choreographing. His first attempt was in 1926 for a revue staged by Nigel Playfair and Rambert's husband Ashley Dukes. The Observer commented on "an engaging little ballet called A Tragedy of Fashion: or The Scarlet Scissors, which Mr. Eugene Goossens has set most suitably to music. Miss Marie Rambert, as an impudently vivacious mannequin, and Mr. Frederick Ashton as a distracted man modist, lead the dancing. It is as chic a trifle as Mr Playfair's modish establishment leads you to expect." The costumes and scenery were by Sophie Fedorovitch, who continued to work with Ashton for more than twenty years, and became, in his words, "not only my dearest friend but my greatest artistic collaborator and adviser".Rambert sought to widen the horizons of her students, taking them to see London performances by the Diaghilev Ballet. They had a great influence on Ashton – most particularly Bronislava Nijinska's ballet Les biches. In 1930 Ashton created an innovative ballet, Capriol Suite, using Peter Warlock's 1926 suite of the same name. The music was based on 16th-century French music, and Ashton researched the dances of the earlier era, and created a period piece with "basse danse, pavane, tordion, and bransle – smoothly mixing robust masculine leaps with courtly duets." The following year Rambert founded the Ballet Club, forerunner of the Ballet Rambert, with Alicia Markova as prima ballerina and Ashton as the main choreographer and one of the leading dancers.Ashton's ballets of the early 1930s included La péri (1931), The Lady of Shalott (1931), Façade (1931), Foyer de danse (1932) and Les Masques (1933). He also contributed to West End revues and musicals, including The Cat and the Fiddle (1932) for C B Cochran, and Gay Hussar (1933), in which The Manchester Guardian singled out the "spirited and lovely choreography in the classic manner".

Vic-Wells
Ashton's association with Ninette de Valois, founder of the Vic-Wells Ballet, began in 1931, when he created a comic ballet, Regatta for her. It received mixed reviews; The Times thought it successful as "a piece of flippant amusement", but The Manchester Guardian considered that "it completely fails … definitely a poor show". Nevertheless, Ashton was by now recognised as a choreographer of considerable talent and had gained a national, though not yet an international, reputation.

In 1933 Ashton devised another work for de Valois and her company, the ballet-divertissement Les Rendezvous. Robert Greskovic describes the work as a "classically precise yet frothy excursion showcas[ing] big skirted 'ballet girls' and dashing swain partners." The piece was an immediate success, has been revived many times, and at 2013 remains in the Royal Ballet's repertoire eighty years after its creation. In 1935 de Valois appointed Ashton as resident choreographer of her company, where he worked alongside Constant Lambert, the musical director from 1931 until 1947, and a company including Markova, Anton Dolin and Robert Helpmann. The Times describes Ashton's first years with the Vic-Wells as a richly productive period: "His Apparitions in 1936 was by many compared favourably with Massine's Symphonie Fantastique on a similar theme, and that year saw also the touching Nocturne to Delius's Paris. These works have vanished, but the following year's witty A Wedding Bouquet and Les Patineurs are still with us."In 1936–37, his homosexuality notwithstanding, Ashton had an affair with an American heiress and socialite, Alice von Hofmannsthal. After the affair ended, her love for him continued, though she had two subsequent marriages, both to gay Englishmen.As the 1930s progressed, Ashton's career began to extend internationally. In 1934 he choreographed Virgil Thomson's opera Four Saints in Three Acts in New York, and in 1939 he created his first ballet for a foreign company: Devil's Holiday (Le Diable s'amuse) for the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. He continued to create dances for other forms of theatre, from revues such as The Town Talks and Home and Beauty, to opera, including Clive Carey's production of Die Fledermaus at Sadler's Wells, and film, notably Escape Me Never, another collaboration with William Walton, following Façade four years earlier.

Sadler's Wells and Covent Garden
Shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War Ashton was offered a position in New York with what was to become the American Ballet Theatre. He declined, and returned to de Valois' company, soon renamed "Sadler's Wells Ballet". He created some works along more sombre lines, including Dante Sonata, which symbolised the unending struggle between the children of darkness and the children of light. In Ballet magazine, Lynette Halewood commented in 2000, "No other work by Ashton is so disturbing and so bleak".In 1941 Ashton was called up for war service. He was commissioned as an officer in the Royal Air Force, at first analysing aerial photographs and later as an intelligence officer. While in the RAF he was granted occasional spells of leave to carry on his work with the ballet. His collaboration with Walton continued with The Quest (1943). It was created and staged in a hurry, and Walton later said that it was not much of a success from anyone's point of view. It had a theme of knightly chivalry, though Walton observed that Helpmann in the lead looked more like the Dragon than St George. As with the 1940 Ashton-Walton collaboration The Wise Virgins, the music has survived but the ballet has not.

After the end of the war David Webster invited de Valois to move her company from Sadler's Wells to be resident at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden alongside the new opera company he was establishing. Ashton's first ballet for the company in its new home was Symphonic Variations (1946). The historian Montague Haltrecht writes of it, "It is a masterpiece created for the Opera House and for the company's dancers, and almost of itself defines a style of English dancing." Although the Covent Garden stage was much larger than that at Sadler's Wells, Ashton confined himself to six dancers, led by Margot Fonteyn and Michael Somes. The work, which remains in the repertoire as at 2013, was a success from the outset.Another plotless ballet was Scènes de ballet (1947), which remains a repertoire piece. In 1948, at the urging of de Valois, Ashton created his first major three-act ballet for a British company, his version of Prokofiev's Cinderella. The original cast included Moira Shearer as Cinderella, Somes as the Prince, Alexander Grant as the jester, and Ashton and Helpmann en travesti as Cinderella's stepsisters. Some critics have commented that Ashton was not yet fully in control of a full-length ballet, with intermittent weaknesses in the choreography, but the comedy of the stepsisters was, and has remained, a favourite with audiences. The ballet critic Laura Jacobs called it "slapstick of a celestial order", and recalled that she and her fellow New York critics were "struck speechless by this luminous ballet".In the late 1940s and early 1950s Ashton worked more frequently for other ballet companies, creating works for the Ballets de Paris (Le Rêve de Léonor, 1949, to Britten's  Bridge Variations) and the New York City Ballet (Illuminations, 1950, to Britten's Les Illuminations, and Picnic at Tintagel, 1952, to Bax's The Garden of Fand). He created dances for films, including The Tales of Hoffmann (1951) and The Story of Three Loves (1953), and directed operas at Glyndebourne (Britten's Albert Herring, 1947) and Covent Garden (Massenet's Manon, 1947, and Gluck's Orpheus, 1953, conducted by Sir John Barbirolli with Kathleen Ferrier in the title role).Ashton's second full-length ballet for de Valois' company was Sylvia (1952). Ashton's biographer Kathrine Sorley Walker considers that it works "even less well" than Cinderella, but contemporary reviews praised it with little or no reservation. In 2005, reviewing a New York revival, the critic Jennie Schulman called it a "blockbuster", "radiant" with "choreographic abundance to please even the most finicky of gods and the most demanding of balletomanes."Ashton's third full-length ballet was Romeo and Juliet for the Royal Danish Ballet in 1955. It was a considerable success, but Ashton resisted attempts to present it at Covent Garden, which he thought too large a theatre and stage for his intimate treatment of the story. It was not seen in London until 1985 when it was produced by the London Festival Ballet rather than at Covent Garden.

Royal Ballet
In October 1956 Elizabeth II granted Sadler's Wells Ballet a charter, giving it the title of "the Royal Ballet" with effect from 15 January 1957. This recognised the eminence the company had achieved: internationally it was widely regarded as "the leading company outside Russia".  De Valois remained the director of the company, with Ashton as principal choreographer.

One of Ashton's most celebrated ballets was created for the Royal Ballet in 1960: La fille mal gardée. The first ballet of that title had been presented in France in 1789, and several later versions had been staged in the 19th century, using music by various composers. Ashton did his customary careful research and decided to make use of Ferdinand Hérold's music (1828), arranged, with additions from other versions, by John Lanchbery. Walker says of the work, "He adhered closely to the original scenario, but created deliciously inventive new choreography that was the happiest amalgam of classical ballet and English folk-dance, while Osbert Lancaster's delightful designs were firmly related to French country life." It was an immediate success, and has been regularly staged since, not only by the Royal Ballet, but by companies in ten other European countries and in Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, New Zealand, South Africa and the US.When de Valois retired in 1963, Ashton succeeded her as director. His time in charge was looked on as something of a golden age. Under him, the corps de ballet was recognised as rivalling and even excelling the best anywhere else in the world. He continued to add to the repertoire with his own new productions, he persuaded his former mentor Bronislava Nijinska to revive her Les biches and Les noces, and he presented Mam'zelle Angot by his other mentor, Massine. He also brought in Antony Tudor, his English contemporary, better known in the US, to stage both new and old works. The ballet critic John Percival considered that despite the numerous glories of the company under Ashton's directorship, he was unsuited to and uninterested in management, and lacked de Valois' gift for strategic planning (though better in both these regards than his successor as director, Kenneth MacMillan). Percival believed that this weakened the company in the long term. Ashton's works for the company while he was director included The Dream (1964) (for Anthony Dowell and Antoinette Sibley), the pas de trois Monotones II (1965), Jazz Calendar (1968) and Enigma Variations (My Friends Pictured Within) (1968).Webster, due to retire in 1970 as general administrator of the Royal Opera House, decided that his departure should be accompanied by a change to the leadership of the two companies. Georg Solti, musical director of the opera company, was keen to concentrate on his new post as conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and did not wish to renew his Covent Garden contract when it expired in 1971. Ashton had frequently told colleagues how he looked forward to his own retirement, but nonetheless was hurt by the abruptness with which his departure was arranged and announced by Webster. He stood down in July 1970 after a farewell gala organised by Michael Somes, John Hart and Leslie Edwards.After his retirement, Ashton made  several short ballets as pièces d'occasion, but his only longer works were the cinema film, The Tales of Beatrix Potter made in 1970 and released in 1971, and A Month in the Country (1976), a one-act piece, lasting about forty minutes, freely adapted from Turgenev's comedy of manners. The piece has been revived regularly, in every decade since the premiere.Ashton's last years were marred by the death of his partner, Martyn Thomas, in a car crash in 1985 – a blow from which Ashton never fully recovered. He died in his sleep on 19 August 1988, at his country home in Suffolk, and was buried on 24 August at St Mary's Church, Yaxley, Suffolk.

Choreography
Ashton created more than eighty ballets. In his Who's Who entry, he identified his best-known works as:
Full-length balletsCinderella (1948)
Sylvia (1952)
Romeo and Juliet (1955) – for Royal Danish Ballet.
Ondine (1958)
La fille mal gardée (1960)Shorter works

Other notable Ashton ballets include:

La valse (1958)
Monotones I and II (1965)
The Tales of Beatrix Potter (1970 film)
Méditation from Thaïs (1971)
Voices of Spring (1977)

The Fred Step
Ashton included in many of his ballets a signature step, known to dancers as "the Fred step". It is defined by David Vaughan as "posé en arabesque, coupé dessous, small développé a la seconde, pas de bourrée dessous, pas de chat." Adrian Grater has enlarged the definition to include the transitional movements; this in Benesh notation is transcribed thus:

It was based on a step used by Anna Pavlova in a gavotte that she frequently performed. Alicia Markova recalled in 1994 that Ashton had first used the step in a short ballet that concluded Nigel Playfair's 1930 production of Marriage à la Mode. It is not seen in Ashton's 1931 Façade, but after that, it became a feature of his choreography. The critic Alastair Macaulay writes:

[T]he Fred step is often tucked away. He may give it to the ballerina (Antoinette Sibley as La Capricciosa in Varii Capricci, 1983) or to supporting dancers (Symphonic Variations, 1946). He may give it to a corps de ballet of peasants (Sylvia 1952), to junior dancers (a pair of dancing artichokes in the … vegetable ballet he made for the 1979 film "Stories from a Flying Trunk"), or to a minor character (Moth in The Dream, 1964). Often the eye is distracted from it by action elsewhere onstage. In each instance, it is changed in some aspect (particularly its conclusion), so that the entire step seems metamorphosed.
Ashton himself danced the step as the timorous sister in Cinderella, and later he and Fonteyn danced a gentle version of it together in Salut d'amour created by Ashton for her sixtieth birthday gala at Covent Garden. The Royal Ballet has a demonstration of the step on its website, explained by the company's ballet mistress, Ursula Hageli and danced by Romany Pajdak.

Legacy
Ashton left the rights to many of his ballets to friends and colleagues, including Fonteyn (Daphnis and Chloe and Ondine), Dowell (The Dream and A Month in the Country), Michael Somes (Cinderella and Symphonic Variations), Alexander Grant (La fille mal gardée and Façade), Antony Dyson (Enigma Variations and Monotones), and Brian Shaw (Les Patineurs and Rendezvous). Rights to most of his other ballets were left to his nephew, Anthony Russell-Roberts, who was Administrative Director of the Royal Ballet from 1983 to 2009.To perpetuate the legacy of Ashton and his ballets, the Frederick Ashton Foundation was set up in 2011. It is independent of, but works closely with, the Royal Ballet.

Honours
Ashton's state honours were, from Britain, CBE (1950), Knight Bachelor (1962), Companion of Honour (1970) and the Order of Merit (1977). Honours from other countries included the Legion of Honour (France, 1960) and the Order of Dannebrog (Denmark, 1964). He received the Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Award from the Royal Academy of Dance in 1959. He was awarded the Freedom of the City of London (1981), and received honorary doctorates from the universities of Durham (1962), East Anglia (1967), London (1970), Hull (1971) and Oxford (1976).

Notes, references and sources
Notes
References
Sources
Anderson, Zoë (2006). The Royal Ballet – 75 years. London: Faber and Faber. ISBN 0571227953.
Dominic, Zoë; John Selwyn Gilbert (1971). Frederick Ashton: a choreographer and his ballets. London: Harrap. ISBN 024550351X.
Ford, Boris (1992). Modern Britain. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0521428890.
Franchi, Cristina (2004). Frederick Ashton – Founder Choreographer of the Royal Ballet. Royal Opera House heritage series. London: Oberon. ISBN 1840024615.
Greskovic, Robert (2002). Ballet 101. London: Turnaround. ISBN 0786881550.
Haltrecht, Montague (1975). The Quiet Showman: Sir David Webster and the Royal Opera House. London: Collins. ISBN 0002111632.
Jacobs, Laura A (2006). Landscape with Moving Figures – A Decade on Dance. New York: Dance & Movement Press. ISBN 1597910015.
Jordan, Stephanie; Grau, Andrée, eds. (1996). Following Sir Fred's Steps: Ashton's Legacy. London: Dance Books. ISBN 1852730471. Archived from the original on 14 February 2006.
Kaplan, Fred (1999). Gore Vidal : a biography. New York: Doubleday. ISBN 0385477031.
Parry, Jann (2010). Different Drummer – The Life of Kenneth MacMillan. London: Faber and Faber. ISBN 978-0571243037.
Vaughan, David (1999). Frederick Ashton and his Ballets (second ed.). London: Dance Books. ISBN 1852730625.

Further reading
Morris, Geraldine. A Network of Styles: Discovering the Choreographed Movement of Frederick Ashton. Guildford: University of Surrey. OCLC 53605132.

External links
Ballet.co Ashton pages
Parents
Archive film of Frederick Ashton's Thais Pas de Deux performed by Nina Ananiashvili and David Ananeli in 2010 at Jacob's Pillow
www.ashtonballets.comGnatheulia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.

Species
Gnatheulia gnathocera Razowski, 1997

See also
List of Tortricidae genera

References
Razowski, 1997, Acta zoologica cracoviensia 40: 82.
Brown, John W., 2005, World Catalogue of Insects 5

External links
tortricidae.comLaboratory Virtual Instrument Engineering Workbench (LabVIEW): 3  is a system-design platform and development environment for a visual programming language from National Instruments.
The graphical language is named "G"; not to be confused with G-code.  The G dataflow language was originally developed by LabVIEW, LabVIEW is commonly used for data acquisition, instrument control, and industrial automation on a variety of operating systems (OSs), including Microsoft Windows as well as various versions of Unix, Linux, and macOS.
The latest versions of LabVIEW are LabVIEW 2021 SP1 (released in February 2022) and LabVIEW NXG 5.1 (released in January 2021). NI released the free for non-commercial use LabVIEW and LabVIEW NXG Community editions on April 28th, 2020.

Dataflow programming
The programming paradigm used in LabVIEW, sometimes called G, is based on data availability. If there is enough data available to a subVI or function, that subVI or function will execute. Execution flow is determined by the structure of a graphical block diagram (the LabVIEW-source code) on which the programmer connects different function-nodes by drawing wires. These wires propagate variables and any node can execute as soon as all its input data become available. Since this might be the case for multiple nodes simultaneously, LabVIEW can execute inherently in parallel.: 1–2  Multi-processing and multi-threading hardware is exploited automatically by the built-in scheduler, which multiplexes multiple OS threads over the nodes ready for execution.

Graphical programming
LabVIEW integrates the creation of user interfaces (termed front panels) into the development cycle. LabVIEW programs-subroutines are termed virtual instruments (VIs). Each VI has three components: a block diagram, a front panel, and a connector pane. The last is used to represent the VI in the block diagrams of other, calling VIs. The front panel is built using controls and indicators. Controls are inputs: they allow a user to supply information to the VI. Indicators are outputs: they indicate, or display, the results based on the inputs given to the VI. The back panel, which is a block diagram, contains the graphical source code. All of the objects placed on the front panel will appear on the back panel as terminals. The back panel also contains structures and functions which perform operations on controls and supply data to indicators. The structures and functions are found on the Functions palette and can be placed on the back panel. Collectively controls, indicators, structures, and functions are referred to as nodes. Nodes are connected to one another using wires, e.g., two controls and an indicator can be wired to the addition function so that the indicator displays the sum of the two controls. Thus a virtual instrument can be run as either a program, with the front panel serving as a user interface, or, when dropped as a node onto the block diagram, the front panel defines the inputs and outputs for the  node through the connector pane. This implies each VI can be easily tested before being embedded as a subroutine into a larger program.
The graphical approach also allows nonprogrammers to build programs by dragging and dropping virtual representations of lab equipment with which they are already familiar. The LabVIEW programming environment, with the included examples and documentation, makes it simple to create small applications. This is a benefit on one side, but there is also a certain danger of underestimating the expertise needed for high-quality G programming. For complex algorithms or large-scale code, it is important that a programmer possess an extensive knowledge of the special LabVIEW syntax and the topology of its memory management. The most advanced LabVIEW development systems offer the ability to build stand-alone applications. Furthermore, it is possible to create distributed applications, which communicate by a client–server model, and are thus easier to implement due to the inherently parallel nature of G.

Widely-accepted design patterns
Applications in LabVIEW are usually designed using well-known architectures, known as design patterns. The most common design patterns for graphical LabVIEW applications are listed in the table below.

Benefits
Interfacing to devices
LabVIEW includes extensive support for interfacing to devices such as instruments, cameras, and other devices. Users interface to hardware by either writing direct bus commands (USB, GPIB, Serial) or using high-level, device-specific drivers that provide native LabVIEW function nodes for controlling the device.
LabVIEW includes built-in support for NI hardware platforms such as CompactDAQ and CompactRIO, with a large number of device-specific blocks for such hardware, the Measurement and Automation eXplorer (MAX) and Virtual Instrument Software Architecture (VISA) toolsets.
National Instruments makes thousands of device drivers available for download on the NI Instrument Driver Network (IDNet).

Code compiling
LabVIEW includes a compiler that produces native code for the CPU platform. The graphical code is converted into Dataflow Intermediate Representation, and then translated into chunks of executable machine code by a compiler based on LLVM. Run-time engine calls these chunks, allowing better performance. The LabVIEW syntax is strictly enforced during the editing process and compiled into the executable machine code when requested to run or upon saving. In the latter case, the executable and the source code are merged into a single binary file. The execution is controlled by LabVIEW run-time engine, which contains some pre-compiled code to perform common tasks that are defined by the G language. The run-time engine governs execution flow, and provides a consistent interface to various operating systems, graphic systems and hardware components. The use of run-time environment makes the source code files portable across supported platforms. LabVIEW programs are slower than equivalent compiled C code, though like in other languages, program optimization often allows to mitigate issues with execution speed.

Large libraries
Many libraries with a large number of functions for data acquisition, signal generation, mathematics, statistics, signal conditioning, analysis, etc., along with numerous for functions such as integration, filters, and other specialized abilities usually associated with data capture from hardware sensors is enormous. In addition, LabVIEW includes a text-based programming component named MathScript with added functions for signal processing, analysis, and mathematics. MathScript can be integrated with graphical programming using script nodes and uses a syntax that is compatible generally with MATLAB.

Parallel programming
LabVIEW is an inherently concurrent language, so it is very easy to program multiple tasks that are performed in parallel via multithreading. For example, this is done easily by drawing two or more parallel while loops and connecting them to two separate nodes. This is a great benefit for test system automation, where it is common practice to run processes like test sequencing, data recording, and hardware interfacing in parallel.

Ecosystem
Due to the longevity and popularity of the LabVIEW language, and the ability for users to extend its functions, a large ecosystem of third party add-ons has developed via contributions from the community.  This ecosystem is available on the LabVIEW Tools Network, which is a marketplace for both free and paid LabVIEW add-ons.

User community
There is a low-cost LabVIEW Student Edition aimed at educational institutions for learning purposes. There is also an active community of LabVIEW users who communicate through several electronic mailing lists (email groups) and Internet forums.

Home Bundle Edition
National Instruments provides a low cost LabVIEW Home Bundle Edition.

Community Edition
National Instruments provides a free-for-non-commercial use version called LabVIEW Community Edition. This version includes everything in the Professional Editions of LabVIEW, has no watermarks, and includes the LabVIEW NXG Web Module for non-commercial use. These editions may also be used by K-12 schools.

Criticism
LabVIEW is a proprietary product of National Instruments. Unlike common programming languages such as C or Fortran, LabVIEW is not managed or specified by any third party standards committee such as American National Standards Institute (ANSI), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), International Organization for Standardization (ISO).

Non-textual
Since G language is non-textual, software tools such as versioning, side-by-side (or diff) comparison, and version code change tracking cannot be applied in the same manner as for textual programming languages. There are some additional tools to make comparison and merging of code with source code control (versioning) tools such as subversion, CVS and Perforce.

No zoom function
There is no ability to zoom in to (or enlarge) a virtual instrument (VI) which will be hard to see on a large high-resolution monitor. However, the ability to zoom has been added into LabVIEW NXG.

Release history
In 2005, starting with LabVIEW 8.0, major versions are released around the first week of August, to coincide with the annual National Instruments conference NI Week, and followed by a bug-fix release the following February.
In 2009, National Instruments began naming releases after the year in which they are released. A bug-fix is termed a Service Pack, for example, the 2009 service pack 1 was released in February 2010.
In 2017, National Instruments moved the annual conference to May and released LabVIEW 2017 alongside a completely redesigned LabVIEW NXG 1.0 built on Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).

Repositories and libraries
OpenG, as well as LAVA Code Repository (LAVAcr), serve as repositories for a wide range of Open Source LabVIEW applications and libraries. SourceForge has LabVIEW listed as one of the possible languages in which code can be written.
VI Package Manager has become the standard package manager for LabVIEW libraries. It is very similar in purpose to Ruby's RubyGems and Perl's CPAN, although it provides a graphical user interface similar to the Synaptic Package Manager. VI Package Manager provides access to a repository of the OpenG (and other) libraries for LabVIEW.
Tools exist to convert MathML into G code.

Related software
National Instruments also offers a product named Measurement Studio, which offers many of the test, measurement, and control abilities of LabVIEW, as a set of classes for use with Microsoft Visual Studio. This allows developers to harness some of LabVIEW's strengths within the text-based .NET Framework. National Instruments also offers LabWindows/CVI as an alternative for ANSI C programmers.
When applications need sequencing, users often use LabVIEW with the TestStand test management software, also from National Instruments.
The Ch interpreter is a C/C++ interpreter that can be embedded in LabVIEW for scripting.DSP Robotics' FlowStone DSP also uses a form of graphical programming similar to LabVIEW, but is limited to the robotics industry respectively.
LabVIEW has a direct node with modeFRONTIER, a multidisciplinary and multi-objective optimization and design environment, written to allow coupling to almost any computer-aided engineering tool. Both can be part of the same process workflow description, and can be virtually driven by the optimization technologies available in modeFRONTIER.

See also
Comparison of numerical-analysis software
Dataflow programming
Fourth-generation programming language
Graphical programming
Graphical system designRelated software titlesLego Mindstorms NXT, whose programming environment NXT-G is based on LabVIEW, and can be programmed within LabVIEW.
20-sim
LabWindows/CVI
MATLAB/Simulink
Virtual instrumentation
CompactDAQ
CompactRIO
TOMVIEWFree and open-source packagesPWCT — GPL license
DRAKON — public domain, with some open-source components

References
Further reading
Bress, Thomas J. (2013). Effective LabVIEW Programming. [S.l.]: NTS Press. ISBN 978-1-934891-08-7.
Blume, Peter A. (2007). The LabVIEW Style Book. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-145835-2.
Travis, Jeffrey; Kring, Jim (2006). LabVIEW for Everyone : Graphical Programming Made Easy and Fun (3rd ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall. ISBN 0-13-185672-3.
Conway, Jon; Watts, Steve (2003). A Software Engineering Approach to LabVIEW. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall PTR. ISBN 0-13-009365-3.
Olansen, Jon B.; Rosow, Eric (2002). Virtual Bio-Instrumentation : Biomedical, Clinical, and Healthcare Applications in LabVIEW. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall PTR. ISBN 0-13-065216-4.
Beyon, Jeffrey Y. (2001). LabVIEW Programming, Data Acquisition and Analysis. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall PTR. ISBN 0-13-030367-4.
Travis, Jeffrey (2000). Internet Applications In LabVIEW. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall PTR. ISBN 0-13-014144-5.
Essick, John (1999). Advanced LabVIEW Labs. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall. ISBN 0-13-833949-X.

Articles on specific uses
Desnica V, Schreiner M, Vladan; Schreiner, Manfred (October 2006). "A LabVIEW-controlled portable x-ray fluorescence spectrometer for the analysis of art objects". X-Ray Spectrometry. 35 (5): 280–286. Bibcode:2006XRS....35..280D. doi:10.1002/xrs.906. Archived from the original on 2010-08-18.
Keleshis C, Ionita C, Rudin S, C.; Ionita, C.; Rudin, S. (June 2006). "Labview [sic] graphical user interface for micro angio-fluoroscopic high resolution detector". Medical Physics. 33 (6): 2007. doi:10.1118/1.2240285.{{cite journal}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Fedak W., Bord D., Smith C., Gawrych D., Lindeman K., W.; Bord, D.; Smith, C.; Gawrych, D.; Lindeman, K. (May 2003). "Automation of the Franck-Hertz experiment and the Tel-X-Ometer x-ray machine using LABVIEW". American Journal of Physics. AAPT. 71 (5): 501–506. Bibcode:2003AmJPh..71..501F. doi:10.1119/1.1527949.{{cite journal}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)

Articles on education uses
Belletti A., Borromei R., Ingletto G., A.; Borromei, R.; Ingletto, G. (September 2006). "Teaching physical chemistry experiments with a computer simulation by LabVIEW". Journal of Chemical Education. ACS. 83 (9): 1353–1355. Bibcode:2006JChEd..83.1353B. doi:10.1021/ed083p1353.{{cite journal}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Moriarty P.J., Gallagher B.L., Mellor C.J., Baines R.R., P. J.; Gallagher, B. L.; Mellor, C. J.; Baines, R. R. (October 2003). "Graphical computing in the undergraduate laboratory: Teaching and interfacing with LabVIEW". American Journal of Physics. AAPT. 71 (10): 1062–1074. Bibcode:2003AmJPh..71.1062M. doi:10.1119/1.1582189.{{cite journal}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Lauterburg, Urs (June 2001). "LabVIEW in Physics Education" (PDF). A White Paper About Using LabVIEW in Physics Demonstration and Laboratory Experiments and Simulations.
Drew SM, Steven M. (December 1996). "Integration of National Instruments' LabVIEW software into the chemistry curriculum". Journal of Chemical Education. ACS. 73 (12): 1107–1111. Bibcode:1996JChEd..73.1107D. doi:10.1021/ed073p1107.
Muyskens MA, Glass SV, Wietsma TW, Gray TM, Mark A.; Glass, Samuel V.; Wietsma, Thomas W.; Gray, Terry M. (December 1996). "Data acquisition in the chemistry laboratory using LabVIEW software". Journal of Chemical Education. ACS. 73 (12): 1112–1114. Bibcode:1996JChEd..73.1112M. doi:10.1021/ed073p1112.{{cite journal}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Ogren PJ, Jones TP, Paul J.; Jones, Thomas P. (December 1996). "Laboratory interfacing using the LabVIEW software package". Journal of Chemical Education. ACS. 73 (12): 1115–1116. Bibcode:1996JChEd..73.1115O. doi:10.1021/ed073p1115.
Trevelyan, J.P. (June 2004). "10 Years Experience with Remote Laboratories" (PDF). International Conference on Engineering Education Research. ACS.

External links
Official websiteThe Moseley Iron Bridge Company was founded by Thomas William Moseley in Cincinnati, Ohio around 1858 and existed until 1879.  Moseley was an engineer, bridge builder, and designer.  John Paul Verree used T.W.H. Moseley's designs for his bridge manufacturing business in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

History
Zenas King was hired by Moseley as a salesperson and represented Moseley at many bridge lettings, mainly in southern Ohio.  King remained in Ohio and started his own bridge building business in Cleveland. In 1861, Moseley decided to move the company to Boston, Massachusetts.  Moseley moved his business to Boston when he discovered marketing his iron bridge designs were ideal for areas in the New England area. The company was also known as the Moseley Iron Bridge Works of Boston.
The company changed names and locations several times between 1858 and 1879, including Philadelphia and New York.

Known Moseley bridges
Railroad Bridge (1858)—Formerly spanning Sterrns Creek north of Ironton, removed and placed on exhibition in the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan.
Murphy Road Bridge (c.1860)—Formerly spanning Walloomsac River, moved in 1958 to Bennington Museum, Bennington, Vermont; Thomas W.H. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Building Works, Boston, builder
Upper Pacific Mills Bridge (1864)—North Canal, Lawrence, Massachusetts; Thowas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Building Works, Boston, builder
Hare's Hill Road Bridge (1869)—Hare's Hill Road over French Creek, Kimberton, Pennsylvania; Thomas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Bridge & Roof Company, builder
Monadnock Mills Bridge (1870)—Workers' access to Monadnock Mills, Claremont, New Hampshire; Thomas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Bridge & Roof Company, builder

See also
Thomas William Moseley
Hares Hill Road Bridge
Moseley Wrought Iron Arch Bridge
Zenas King

References and notes

"The Golden Age of the Iron Bridge". by Eric Delony (American Heritage Magazine - Fall 1994, Volume 10, Issue 2). Archived from the original on 2008-09-04. Retrieved 2007-11-14.
"Hares Hill Bridge". Structurae [en]: Hare's Hill Road Bridge (1869).
"Hares Hill Road Bridge, Spanning French Creek, Kimberton, Chester County, PA". Historic American Buildings Survey/Historic American Engineering Record/Historic American Landscapes Survey.
"DISCOVERING ZENAS KING". Paper delivered to the Society for Industrial Archeology by Allan King Sloan © 1999 June 5, 1999 - Savannah, Georgia.
"Scientific American, Volume 40, No. 13 New Series, March 29, 1879. (page 6 of 7) Ad: Illustration: Corrugated Iron: THIS NEW, MOSELEY IRON BRIDGE AND, ROOF CO., CORRUGATED IRON,"Buildings, Roofs, Shutters, Doors, Iron Sashes, Skylights, etc.",5 Dey Street, New York".
"RRHX-Railroad History Story:  The Railroad That Went No Place, The History of the Detroit, Toledo & Ironton Railroad-Part I, by William C. Pletz, Ann Arbor Train and Trolley Watchers (written in 1979)". Archived from the original on 2005-09-22. Retrieved 2020-04-08.Vision restoration therapy (VRT) is a noninvasive form of vision therapy which claims to increase the size of the visual fields in those with hemianopia. It, however, is of unclear benefit as of 2017 and is not part of standardized treatment approaches.

Description of therapy
Vision restoration therapy (VRT) is a computer-based treatment which claims to help with visual field defects regain visual functions through repetitive light stimulation.As the device used in VRT is similar to the DynaVision 2000 that already exist the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) allowed an indication for use "...the diagnosis and improvement of visual functions in patients with impaired vision that may result from trauma, stroke, inflammation, surgical removal of brain tumors or brain surgery, and may also be used to improve visual function in patients with amblyopia".


Fireworks Bans in China refers to the present government policies which ban the use of fireworks in many cities in China. 
Fireworks were first invented in the Tang Dynasty around 650–700 CE in China by accidentally mixed chemicals together to create an explosion. They are a symbol of happiness and luck for the Chinese, and were used a lot during festivals to celebrate or commemorate. However, fireworks as explosive pyrotechnic devices have severe impacts on the environment and health. For the environment, firework not only lead to serious air pollution but also polluted the ground environment since the explosive residue is difficult to clean up. From a health perspective, air pollution caused by fireworks endangers people's safety. As a result, more and more policies on fireworks management are being implemented and improved in China.

History of fireworks regulations in China
The idea of banning fireworks in China  first appeared in the 1980s. In 1984, the State Council of the People's Republic of China promulgated the “Regulations on the Administration of Civil Explosives”. After that, Beijing promulgated and implemented the “Interim Regulations on the Safety Administration of Fireworks” which formulated by the local public security bureau on December 1, 1986. In 1987, 114 deputies put forward seven motions to restrict or prohibit the discharging of fireworks in the fifth session of the Sixth National People's Congress (NPC) in China. On March 19, 1992, the People's Congress of Guangzhou promulgated the “Regulations on the Administration of Fireworks and Firecrackers in Guangzhou”. On June 1, 2014, the law was implemented, and explicitly prohibited any unit or individual from setting off fireworks and firecrackers within the eight districts, including Yuexiu. After the Spring Festival in 1993, 308 deputies from National People's Congress (NPC) and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) proposed legislation to strictly ban fireworks and firecrackers. On October 12, 1993, the local law on "Regulations on Banning Fireworks and Firecrackers in Beijing" was discussed and executed at the sixth session of the Tenth Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPCSC). 
However, the atmosphere of the Spring Festival began to desalinate with the banning of fireworks. In December 2003, Qingdao City, in east China's Shandong Province, revised the original “ban” policy for fireworks and firecrackers, stipulating that fireworks and firecrackers could be used during the Spring Festival. According to the survey from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Statistics in 2005, 80% of the 6,000 respondents favored lifting the ban. In order to meet the growing demand of the public, many cities broke the ban, stipulating that citizens can set off qualified fireworks at a limited time and place to restore the festive atmosphere. Therefore, the 22nd Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th People's Congress of Beijing Municipality deliberated and passed the "Provisions of Beijing Municipality on the Safety Management of Fireworks" on September 9, 2005, which changed the ban to "three limits"; that is, in a limited time, place, and varieties of fireworks and firecrackers. In order to strengthen the safety management of fireworks and firecrackers, prevent explosion accidents, ensure the safety of public, individual and property, the state council implemented the "Regulations on the Safety Administration of Fireworks and Firecrackers" on January 21, 2006, which has made strict provisions on the production, management, transportation and discharge of fireworks and firecrackers. By the end of 2006, more than 200 cities in China had changed from the ban on fireworks to limited ban.Still, there was a shift in public opinion about fireworks. The catastrophic fires that had occurred from 2009 to 2011, as well as the severe haze pollution in many cities in 2013,  strengthened the idea of supporting the prohibition of fireworks. According to a random survey conducted by The Beijing News on the eve of the Spring Festival in 2014, 70% of 115 respondents surveyed  said they did not buy any fireworks and firecrackers, and more than 80% believed that fireworks had a serious impact on air quality. Since December 2017, the central areas of most cities have upgraded restricted discharge to a total ban for fireworks, and the scope of fire prohibition areas has been gradually expanded. Moreover, punishment measures have been upgraded accordingly. Although many cities maintain "restrictions," but also introduced more inclined to prohibit the new policies. According to statistics released by the ministry of public security in January 2018, fireworks are banned in 444 cities nationwide, including 10 provincial capitals, 91 prefecture-level cities and 343 counties. Besides, fireworks are restricted in 764 cities, which include 4 municipalities, 15 provincial capitals, 174 prefecture-level cities and 571 counties.

Reasons for bans
Fireworks display is a traditional way for the public to celebrate festivals in China. A large number of fireworks were set off during every festival, especially for the Spring Festival in China. Although fireworks can bring visual enjoyment to people, they also impact the environment and health.

Environment
The pollution of fireworks on the environment has become more apparent in time. Fireworks cause serious pollution environments in a short time. Although fireworks are not the most common source of pollution in the atmosphere, they are a source of ozone, sulfur, dioxide and nitrogen oxide, as well as aerosolss. Fireworks also contain tiny metal particles. These metals are burned to produce color for fireworks: copper for blue, strontium or lithium for red, and barium compounds for bright green or white. When fireworks are set off in the air, a large number of incomplete decomposition or degradation of metal particles, dangerous toxins, harmful chemicals remain in the air for a long time, resulting in air pollution.
In addition to the chemical residue in the air, the fireworks residue that fell on land also have negative effects on the ground environment. One of the main fuel sources in fireworks is perchlorate, a chemical which contains highs water solubility, fluidity and stability. Since it can be stable in the environment for decades, it is considered as a new type of persistent inorganic pollutant. With the efficient development of separation and detection methods, perchlorate has been detected in a variety of environmental media. Due to its high water solubility, perchlorate may pollute watercourses.

Health
The adverse effects of fireworks on human health and the environmental pollution caused by fireworks are a causal relationship. As the environment in which people grow is polluted, their health will surely be affected. The most apparent effect of fireworks is on the respiratory system. Since fireworks produce smoke and a lot of harmful particles, these harmful chemicals can enter the respiratory tract through breathing and cause cough, fever, breathing difficulties, and some acute eosinophilic pneumonia. These symptoms are more likely to occur in children and the elderly, who are less able to defend themselves against gaseous air pollutants and to metabolize environmental pollutants than adults. Depends on the research from India, the number of patients with respiratory diseases such as asthma and bronchitis increased by 30 to 40 per cent during the period when fireworks were heavily used.Besides, perchlorate not only causes water pollution but also harmful to the health of people. People may contact it by breathing, diet or skin contact. In 2005, the United States Environmental Protection Agency determined a safe reference dose for perchlorate of up to 0.0007 mg kg per day. However, since a large number of fireworks being set off in China during the festival, especially from the first day of the Lunar New Year to the 15th day, the daily intake of perchlorate is far above the standard. Exposure to excessive perchlorate may result in decreased thyroid hormone secretion leading to hypothyroidism, especially for children and developing fetuses.  Perchlorate excess in the body of  infants and young children can lead to low intelligence quotient, learning disabilities, developmental delays, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, distraction and even mental retardation.The noise produced by fireworks is also dangerous to human health that cannot be ignored. According to the research, the ambient noise level when the fireworks are discharged is 1.2 to 1.3 times the average level. Lack of sleep due to noise pollution has become the norm during the Spring Festival. However, the effects of noise on health are serious. Excessive noise not only harmful to the ears, which can lead to tinnitus and even deafness but also causes a series of psychological diseases, such as increased stress, anxiety, communication difficulties and cognitive deficit.The impact of fireworks on people's health is not only diseases but even life safety. Fireworks and firecrackers are inflammable, explosive and dangerous goods, which are easy to cause accidents. For example, in September 2014, an explosion at a fireworks factory in Hunan province killed at least 12 people and injured 33. Any spark can set off an explosion, so fireworks are inherently dangerous. These accidents occur not only during production but also during use. From 2013 to 2018, a total of 1,452 fires caused by fireworks were reported in Henan province, four people were killed and two injured, with direct property losses of 8.78 million yuan.

Culture influence of fireworks regulations
Since fireworks have existed in China for a few thousand years, they became a part of Chinese culture. Many people think that the ban on fireworks makes the Spring Festival and the other festivals lose their atmospheres, the ban on fireworks is a process of loose culture. In ancient China, fireworks and firecrackers are used to expel ‘Nian', a monster mix between a dragon and a Kirin. However, the custom of setting off fireworks during the Spring Festival is prohibited or restricted due to the widespread pollution and destruction of the environment. When the festive days become quiet because of the ban of fireworks, people feel that the flavor of the Spring Festival or the traditional culture is losing, more and more people begin to resist the regulations. Feng Ji, a well-known Chinese writer and adviser to the State Council, believes that the regulation is irresponsible for cultural traditions since the traditional culture which has been preserved for thousands of years in China is abandoned when fireworks banned to protect the environment. Since people think that cultural traditions are fragile in modern society, once they disappear, it is difficult to recover, people start agreeing to lift the ban. Therefore, the regulations on fireworks were relaxed in 2006 and 2017 due to the influence of traditional cultural concepts. Although the law has been relaxed, the pollution of the environment has not been ignored. Local government officials suggest that fireworks manufacturers should improve the quality and make their products less polluted, the authorities should severely punish the violators, strengthen education on the safety of setting off fireworks, so as to achieve the coexistence of environment and traditional culture.


== Reference ==Dentiovula eizoi is a species of sea snail in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.


Gabrielle Rose "Gabbie" Andrews (born December 13, 1996) is an American professional tennis player. On October 22, 2012, she reached her highest WTA singles ranking of 938. Andrews is best known for reaching the final at the 2011 US Open girls' doubles event and for winning the same event at the 2012 Australian Open alongside fellow American Taylor Townsend.On May 25, 2019, playing for the UCLA Bruins, she and teammate Ayan Broomfield won the doubles event at the 2019 NCAA Division I Women's Tennis Championship, defeating Kate Fahey and Brienne Minor of the Michigan Wolverines.

Career statistics
Junior Grand Slam finals
Doubles: 2 finals (1 title, 1 runner-up)
References
External links
Gabrielle Andrews at the Women's Tennis Association
Gabrielle Faith Andrews at the International Tennis Federation
Gabrielle Andrews at the Tennis Recruiting Network
Gabby Andrews at UCLA Bruins Women's Tennis
Gabrielle Andrews on ABS-CBN News (January 25, 2011) on YouTube
Andrews-Broomfield Postmatch Presser (May 25, 2019) on YouTubeWidich Nunatak (85°20′S 121°25′W) is a nunatak 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) east of Spencer Nunatak, lying between Wisconsin Range and Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–60. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for George Widich, traverse engineer, Byrd Station winter party, 1960.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document: "Widich Nunatak". (content from the Geographic Names Information System)David Henry Schreiber (May 8, 1882 – October 6, 1964) was a  Major League Baseball pitcher. Schreiber played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1911. In 3 career games, he had a 0–0 record, with a 5.40 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Schreiber was born in Waverly, Ohio and died in Chillicothe, Ohio

External links
Career statistics and player information from Baseball Reference, or Baseball Reference (Minors)Alibe Parsons (born 21 December 1945) is an actress who has worked in both film and television.
On television, she is best known for her regular role in the 1970s BBC drama Gangsters as Sarah Gant. She also had a recurring role in the science fiction series Space: 1999 and an appearance in Doctor Who in the 1986 serial Mindwarp.Other credits include: Coronation Street, Bergerac, Lovejoy, Holby City, The Bill and Waking the Dead.
Her film roles include: Game for Vultures (1979), The Bitch (1979), Biggles (1986) and Aliens (1986).

References
External links
Alibe Parsons at IMDb
Alibe Parson at IMDbSteam is the fourth album by the Canterbury associated band Soft Machine Legacy and their second studio album, released on CD in 2007. This is the final Soft Machine project to feature bassist Hugh Hopper prior to his death in June 2009. He was replaced by Roy Babbington, Soft Machine member from 1973 to 1976. Babbington has previously replaced Hopper in Soft Machine-proper. Steam also marks the first appearance of Theo Travis in the group replacing Elton Dean who died in February 2006 at age 60.

Track listing
"Footloose" (8:46) (Hugh Hopper)
"The Steamer" (4:38) (Theo Travis)
"The Big Man" (5:08) (Hugh Hopper / John Etheridge / John Marshall / Theo Travis)
"Chloe & The Pirates" (7:27) (Mike Ratledge)
"In The Back Room" (7:10) (John Etheridge)
"The Last Day" (5:20) (Theo Travis)
"Firefly" (6:41) (Hugh Hopper / John Marshall)
"So English" (8:29) (Hugh Hopper / John Etheridge / John Marshall / Theo Travis)
"Dave Acto" (6:25) (Hugh Hopper / John Etheridge / John Marshall / Theo Travis)
"Anything to Anywhere" (5:20) (Theo Travis)

Personnel
Theo Travis – tenor sax, soprano sax, flute, loops
John Etheridge – electric guitar
Hugh Hopper – bass guitar, loops
John Marshall – drums, percussion

Credits
Recorded by Jon Hiseman, at Temple Studios, Surrey, England; December 28–30, 2006.
Mixed and mastered by Jon Hiseman & Soft Machine Legacy, Temple Studios, Surrey, England; January 2007.
Produced by Soft Machine Legacy.
Executive Producer: Leonardo Pavkovic.

References
External links
Soft Machine Legacy: Steam at Discogs (list of releases)The National Alliance of Student Organizations in Romania (Romanian: Alianţa Naţională a Organizaţiilor Studenţeşti din România - ANOSR) is the largest single national-level student federation in Romania. It represents 95 organizations from cities across the country. Over the years ANOSR has played a crucial role in defending students' rights and representing local organizations at a national level.

Members
The associations which are members of ANOSR implement generic projects for student movement from Romania. ANOSR's relationship with member organizations is based on principles of transparency and nonpartisanship, facilitating access to any representative and apolitical student.

National activity
ANOSR is involved in the development of educational and youth policy at national level, formulating and supporting students' positions and offering member organizations support regarding the implementation of these policies at a local level. It is a dialogue partner of the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport, and a member of the National Council for the Reform of Higher Education. ANOSR works with structures in the private sector, trade unions, the media and local authorities.

International relations
ANOSR is affiliated with the ESU - European Students' Union (The National Federation of Student Organizations in Europe), which, since 2002, has been the only national student organization in Romania. Also, ANOSR attended the Global Cooperation's Students Summit, the first event to bring student leaders from around the world together, after which the basis of student cooperation was established worldwide.In 2006, Viorel Proteasa representing ANOSR was elected as a member of the executive committee of ESU. In 2008, Ligia Deca, ex-President of ANOSR, was elected president of the Federation of Student Organizations in Europe, the first student from Eastern Europe to hold this position. She was re-elected in April 2009 (until May 2010) for a new term, leading more than 11 million students from Europe. In 2012, ANOSR was the host of the General Meeting of ESU with 300 student representatives from across Europe gathered in Bucharest, and in 2015 ANOSR will once again host the same event in Cluj-Napoca. In 2015, Cristi Popescu, former president of ANOSR, was elected as a member of the executive committee of European Students' Union.

References
External links
Official website
European Students' UnionRaphitoma raynevali is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Raphitomidae.

Description
The length of the shell reaches 7 mm, its diameter 3 mm.

Distribution
Fossils of this extinct marine species were found in Pliocene strata in Languedoc, France.

References
Chirli (C.) & Richard (C.), 2008 Les Mollusques plaisanciens de la Côte d’Azur, p. 1-128

External links
Bellardi L. (1877), I molluschi dei terreni terziarii del Piemonte e della Liguria /Debregeasia  is a genus of plants belonging to the family Urticaceae.

Species
References

 Media related to Debregeasia at Wikimedia Commons
 Data related to Debregeasia at WikispeciesMayurbhanj State Railway (MSR)  was a 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) narrow gauge railway owned by Mayurbhanj State in British India.

History
The railway was built by the erstwhile ruler of Mayurbhanj State, Maharaja Sriram Chandra Bhanj Deo. The first section of 52 km from Rupsa to Baripada was opened for traffic on 20 January 1905. Rupsa was the junction with Bengal Nagpur Railway's 1,676 mm (5 ft 6 in) broad gaugeline. An agreement was signed on 2 December 1918, for extending the line to Talband, 61.5 km away. This section was opened on 15 July 1920. The line was managed through managing agents, Hoare Miller & Co. of Calcutta and was operated by the BNR.
MSR chose 20 ton 0-6-4T locomotives, designated as 'ML' class. The first two of these (No-691, 692) were built by Kerr, Stuart and Company. Later in 1924, two more locomotives (No-693, 694) built by the same company were added. These locos were later transferred to Naupada shed of Parlakimedi Light Railway , renamed PL class and heavier 'CC' class 4-6-2 locos of Satpura Railway were introduced on MSR. These were built by North British Locomotive Company, Glasgow. Later ZE class locomotives built by M/S Corpet-Louvet, M/S Krauss Maffei and M/S Kawasaki were introduced. All locos were homed at Baripada loco shed.
After Independence, when the railways were regrouped, MSR was merged with BNR along with eastern divisions of the East Indian Railway to create the Eastern Railway on 14 April 1952.

Conversion to broad gauge
The MSR was converted to 1,676 mm (5 ft 6 in) broad gauge in 2004.

References
External links
National Rail MuseumDog meat is the flesh and other edible parts derived from dogs. Historically, human consumption of dog meat has been recorded in many parts of the world. In the 21st century, dog meat is consumed in China, Nigeria, Switzerland, and Vietnam, and it is eaten or is legal to be eaten in other countries throughout the world. Some cultures view the consumption of dog meat as part of their traditional, ritualistic, or day-to-day cuisine, and other cultures consider consumption of dog meat a taboo, even where it had been consumed in the past. Opinions also vary drastically across different regions within different countries. It was estimated in 2014 that worldwide, 27 million dogs are eaten each year by humans.

Historical practices
Aztecs
In the Aztec Empire, Mexican hairless dogs were bred for, among other purposes, their meat. Hernán Cortés reported when he arrived in Tenochtitlan in 1519, "small gelded dogs which they breed for eating" were among the goods sold in the city markets. These dogs, Xoloitzcuintles, were often depicted in pre-Columbian Mexican pottery. The breed was almost extinct in the 1940s, but the British military attaché in Mexico City, Norman Wright, developed a thriving breed from some of the dogs he found in remote villages. The genetic heritage of the breed has been almost erased through interbreeding with other dog breeds to keep its looks alive.

Native North Americans
The traditional culture surrounding the consumption of dog meat varied from tribe to tribe among the original inhabitants of North America, with some tribes relishing it as a delicacy, and others (such as the Comanche) treating it as a forbidden food. Native peoples of the Great Plains, such as the Sioux and Cheyenne, consumed it, but there was a concurrent religious taboo against the meat of wild canines.The Kickapoo people include puppy meat in many of their traditional festivals. This practice has been well documented in the Works Progress Administration "Indian Pioneer History Project for Oklahoma".On 20 December 2018, the federal Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act was signed into law as part of the 2018 Farm Bill. It bans slaughtering dogs and cats for food in the United States, with exceptions for Native American rituals.

Europe
One of Ireland's mythological heroes, Cuchulainn, had two geasa, or vows, one of which was to avoid the meat of dogs. The breaking of his geasa led to his death in the Irish mythology.
Ovid, Plutarch, Pliny and other Latin authors describe the sacrifice of puppies (catulina) to infernal deities, and for protection against grain-rust, the meat being subsequently prepared and consumed.

Polynesia
Dogs were historically eaten in Tahiti and other islands of Polynesia, including Hawaii at the time of first European contact. James Cook, when first visiting Tahiti in 1769, recorded in his journal, "few were there of us but what allow'd that a South Sea Dog was next to an English Lamb, one thing in their favour is that they live entirely upon Vegetables". Calwin Schwabe reported in 1979 that dog was widely eaten in Hawaii and considered to be of higher quality than pork or chicken. When Hawaiians first encountered early British and American explorers, they were at a loss to explain the visitors' attitudes about dog meat. The Hawaiians raised both dogs and pigs as pets and for food. They could not understand why their British and American visitors only found the pig suitable for consumption. This practice seems to have died out, along with the native Hawaiian breed of dog, the unique Hawaiian Poi Dog, which was primarily used for this purpose.Although Hawaii has outlawed commercial sales of dog meat, until the federal Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act it was legal to slaughter an animal classified as a pet if it was "bred for human consumption" and done in a "humane" manner. This allowed dog meat trade to continue, mostly using stray, lost, or stolen dogs.

Religious dietary laws
According to kashrut, Jewish dietary law, it is forbidden to consume the flesh of terrestrial mammals that do not chew their cud and have cloven hooves, which includes dogs. In Islamic dietary laws, the consumption of the flesh of a dog, or any carnivorous animal, or any animal bearing fangs, claws, fingers or reptilian scales, is prohibited.

Dogs as survival food
Wars and famines
In most European countries, the consumption of dog meat is taboo. Exceptions occurred in times of scarcity, such as sieges or famines.
In Germany, dog meat has been eaten in every major crisis since at least the time of Frederick the Great, and was commonly referred to as "blockade mutton".

During the Siege of Paris (1870–1871), food shortages caused by the German blockade of the city caused the citizens of Paris to turn to alternative sources for food, including dog meat. Dog meat was also reported as being sold by some butchers in Paris in 1910.In the early 20th century, high meat prices led to widespread consumption of horse and dog meat in Germany.In the early 20th century in the United States, dog meat was consumed during times of meat shortage.A few meat shops sold dog meat during the German occupation of Belgium in World War I, when food was scarce.In the latter part of World War I, dog meat was being eaten in Saxony by the poorer classes because of famine conditions.In Germany, the consumption of dog meat continued in the 1920s. In 1937, a meat inspection law targeted against trichinella was introduced for pigs, dogs, boars, foxes, badgers, and other carnivores.During severe meat shortages coinciding with the German occupation from 1940 to 1945, sausages found to have been made of dog meat were confiscated by Nazi authorities in the Netherlands.

Expeditions and emergencies
Travelers sometimes have to eat their accompanying dogs to survive when stranded without other food. For example, Benedict Allen ate his dog when lost in the Brazilian rainforest. A case in Canada was reported in 2013.

Lewis and Clark
During Lewis and Clark expedition (1803–1806), Meriwether Lewis and the other members of the Corps of Discovery consumed dog meat, either from their own animals or supplied by Native American tribes, including the Paiutes and Wah-clel-lah Indians, a branch of the Watlatas, the Clatsop, the Teton Sioux (Lakota), the Nez Perce Indians (who did not eat dog themselves), and the Hidatsas. Lewis and the members of the expedition ate dog meat, except William Clark, who reportedly could not bring himself to eat dogs.

Polar exploration
British explorer Ernest Shackleton and his Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition became trapped, and ultimately killed their sled dogs for food.
Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen's party famously planned to eat their sled dogs, as well as to feed weaker dogs to other dogs, during their expedition to the South Pole. This allowed the party to carry less food, thus lightening the load, and ultimately helped Amundsen to win his race to the South Pole against Robert Scott's expedition, which used ponies. When comparing sled dogs to ponies as draught animals, Amundsen noted:

There is the obvious advantage that dog can be fed on dog. One can reduce one's pack little by little, slaughtering the feebler ones and feeding the chosen with them. In this way they get fresh meat. Our dogs lived on dog's flesh and pemmican the whole way, and this enabled them to do splendid work. And if we ourselves wanted a piece of fresh meat we could cut off a delicate little fillet; it tasted to us as good as the best beef. The dogs do not object at all; as long as they get their share they do not mind what part of their comrade's carcass it comes from. All that was left after one of these canine meals was the teeth of the victim – and if it had been a really hard day, these also disappeared.

Douglas Mawson and Xavier Mertz were part of the Far Eastern Party, a three-man sledging team with Lieutenant B. E. S. Ninnis, to survey King George V Land, Antarctica. On 14 December 1912 Ninnis fell through a snow-covered crevasse along with most of the party's rations, and was never seen again. Mawson and Mertz turned back immediately. They had one and a half weeks' food for themselves and nothing at all for the dogs. Their meagre provisions forced them to eat their remaining sled dogs on their 315-mile (507 km) return journey. Their meat was tough, stringy and without a vestige of fat. Each animal yielded very little, and the major part was fed to the surviving dogs, which ate the meat, skin and bones until nothing remained. The men also ate the dog's brains and livers. Unfortunately eating the liver of sled dogs produces the condition hypervitaminosis A because canines have a much higher tolerance for vitamin A than humans do. Mertz suffered a quick deterioration. He developed stomach pains and became incapacitated and incoherent. On 7 January 1913, Mertz died. Mawson continued alone, eventually making it back to camp alive.

Current laws
The slaughter, sale, purchase (including import), or consumption of dog meat is banned in some countries and legal in others, as listed in the table below.

Modern practices
Africa
Cameroon
Dogs are eaten by Vame people for certain religious rituals.

Democratic Republic of the Congo
In 2011 it was reported that, due to high prices on other types of meat, the consumption of dog meat is common despite a longstanding taboo.

Ghana
The Tallensi, the Akyims, the Kokis, and the Yaakuma, one of many cultures of Ghana, consider dog meat a delicacy. The Mamprusi generally avoid dog meat, and it is eaten in a "courtship stew" provided by a king to his royal lineage. Two Tribes in Ghana, Frafra and Dagaaba are particularly known to be "tribal playmates" and consumption of dog meat is the common bond between the two tribes. Every year around September, games are organised between these two tribes and the Dog Head is the trophy at stake for the winning tribe.It was reported in 2017 that increasing demand for dog meat (due to the belief it gives more energy) has led politician Anthony Karbo to propose dog meat factories in three northern regions of Ghana.

Nigeria
Dogs are eaten by various groups in some states of Nigeria, including Ondo State, Akwa Ibom, Cross River, Plateau, Kalaba, Taraba and Gombe of Nigeria. They are believed to have medicinal powers. The meat is believed to improve one's sex life, provide immunity from diseases and poisoning, and offer protection from juju (charms).In late 2014, the fear of contracting the Ebola virus disease from bushmeat led at least one major Nigerian newspaper to imply that eating dog meat was a healthy alternative. That paper documented a thriving trade in dog meat and slow sales of even well smoked bushmeat.

Asia/Pacific
Cambodia
Animal welfare NGO Four Paws estimates that 2–3 million dogs are slaughtered annually for their meat in Cambodia. Methods of slaughtering the dog can range from strangulation, drowning, stabbing, or clubbing the head. According to a market research study in 2019 on the dog meat trade in Cambodia, overall a total of 53.6% of respondents indicated that they have eaten dog meat at some time in their lives (72.4% of males and 34.8% of females). A new campaign began in 2020 to end dog meat consumption.

Hong Kong
In Hong Kong, the Dogs and Cats Ordinance was introduced by the British Hong Kong Government on 6 January 1950. It prohibits the slaughter of any dog or cat for use as food by fine and imprisonment. In February 1998, a Hong Konger was sentenced to one month imprisonment and a fine of two thousand HK dollars for hunting street dogs for food. Four local men were sentenced to 30 days imprisonment in December 2006 for having slaughtered two dogs.

India
Consumption of dog meat is very rare in India, seen in a few tribal communities like among certain Tibeto-Burman communities, and in some states of Northeast India, particularly Mizoram, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, and Arunachal Pradesh.In March 2020, the Government of Mizoram passed the Animal Slaughter Bill 2020 which effectively bans dogs from being slaughtered in the state.In Nagaland, dog lovers had launched a campaign to end Nagaland's dog meat trade. The Government of Nagaland banned the consumption and trading of dog meat in the state on 3 July 2020.

Indonesia
Indonesia is predominantly Muslim, a faith which considers dog meat, along with pork, to be haram (ritually unclean). The New York Times has reported that in spite of this, dog meat consumption has been growing in popularity among Muslims and other ethnic groups in the country due to its cheap price and purported health or medicinal benefits.Although reliable data on the dog meat trade is scarce, various welfare groups estimate that at least 1 million dogs are killed every year to be eaten. On the resort island of Bali alone, between 60,000 and 70,000 dogs are slaughtered and eaten a year, in spite of lingering concerns about the spread of rabies following an outbreak of the disease there a few years ago, according to the Bali Animal Welfare Association. Marc Ching of the Animal Hope and Wellness Foundation claimed in 2017 that the treatment of dogs in Indonesia was the "most sadistic" out of anywhere they were killed for their meat. According to Rappler and The Independent, the slaughter process for dogs in Tomohon, Sulawesi resulted in some of them being blowtorched alive.The consumption of dog meat is often associated with the Minahasa culture of North Sulawesi, Maluku culture, Toraja culture, various ethnic from East Nusa Tenggara, and the Bataks of northern Sumatra. The code for restaurants or vendors selling dog meat is "RW", an abbreviation for rintek wuuk (Minahasan euphemism means "fine hair") or "B1" abbreviation for biang (Batak language for female dog or "bitch").
Popular Indonesian dog-meat dishes are Minahasan spicy meat dish called rica-rica. Dog meat rica-rica specifically called rica-rica "RW" which stands for Rintek Wuuk in the Minahasan language, which means "fine hair" as a euphemism referring for fine hair found in roasted dog meat. It is cooked as Patong dish by Toraja people, and as Saksang "B1" (stands for Biang which means "dog" or "bitch" in Batak dialect) by Batak people of North Sumatra. On Java, there are several dishes made from dog meat, such as sengsu (tongseng asu), sate jamu (lit. "medicinal satay"), and kambing balap (lit. "racing goat"). Asu is Javanese for "dog".
Dog consumption in Indonesia gained attention during the 2012 U.S. presidential election when incumbent Barack Obama was pointed out by his opponent to have eaten dog meat served by his Indonesian stepfather Lolo Soetoro when Obama was living in the country. Obama wrote about his experience of eating dog in his book Dreams of My Father, and at the 2012 White House Correspondents' Dinner joked about eating dog.According to Lyn White of Animals Australia, the consumption of dog meat in Bali is not a long-held tradition. She said the meat first came from a Christian ethnic group coming to Bali, where a minority of the immigrants working in the hospitality industry have fuelled the trade.In June 2017, an investigative report discovered that tourists in Bali are unknowingly eating dog meat sold by street vendors.

Japan
Although the vast majority of Japanese do not eat dog meat, it has been reported that more than 100 outlets in the country have been selling it imported, mainly to Zainichi Korean customers. There has been a belief in Japan that certain dogs have special powers in their religion of Shintoism and Buddhism. In 675 AD, Emperor Tenmu decreed a prohibition on its consumption during the 4th through 9th months of the year. According to Meisan Shojiki Ōrai (名産諸色往来) published in 1760, the meat of wild dog was sold along with boar, deer, fox, wolf, bear, raccoon dog, otter, weasel and cat in some regions of Edo.

Mainland China
Estimates for total dog killings in China range from 10 to 20 million dogs annually, for purposes of human consumption. However, estimates such as these are not official and are derived from extrapolating industry reports on meat tonnage to an estimate of dogs killed.Consuming dog meat is legal in mainland China except for the city of Shenzhen, and the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture has never issued quarantine procedures for slaughtering dogs. In 2020, the commercial slaughter and sale of dogs was banned in all of China.The eating of dog meat in China dates back to around 500 BCE, and possibly even earlier. It has been suggested that wolves in southern China may have been domesticated as a source of meat. Mencius (372–289 BCE) talked about dog meat as being an edible, dietary meat. It was reported in the early 2000s that the meat was thought to have medicinal properties, and had been popular in northern China during the winter, as it was believed to raise body temperature after consumption and promote warmth. Historical records have shown how in times of food scarcities (as in wartime situations), dogs could also be eaten as an emergency food source.In modern times, the extent of dog consumption in China varies by region. It is most prevalent in Guangdong, Yunnan and Guangxi, as well as the northern provinces of Heilongjiang, Jilin and Liaoning. It was reportedly common in 2010 to find dog meat served in restaurants in Southern China, where dogs are reared on farms for consumption. In 2012, Chinese netizens and the Chinese police intercepted trucks transporting caged dogs to be slaughtered in localities such as Chongqing and Kunming.

Since 2009, Yulin, Guangxi, has held an annual festival of eating dog meat (purportedly a celebration of the summer solstice). In 2014, the municipal government published a statement distancing itself from the festival, saying it was not a cultural tradition, but rather a commercial event held by restaurants and the public. The festival in 2011 spanned 10 days, during which 15,000 dogs were consumed. Estimates of the number of dogs eaten in 2015 for the festival ranged from as high as 10,000 to lower than 1,000 amid growing pressure at home and abroad to end it. Festival organizers state that only dogs bred specifically for consumption are used, while objectors say that some of the dogs purchased for slaughter and consumption are strays or stolen pets. Some of the dogs at the festival are alleged to have been burnt or boiled alive or beaten out of the belief that increased adrenaline circulating in the dog's body adds to the flavor of the meat. Other reports, however, state that there have been little evidence of those practices since 2015.Prior to the 2014 festival, eight dogs (and their two cages) sold for 1,150 yuan ($185) and six puppies for 1,200 yuan. Prior to the 2015 festival, a protester bought 100 dogs for 7,000 yuan ($1,100; £710). The animal rights NGO Best Volunteer Centre commented that the city had more than 100 slaughterhouses, processing between 30 and 100 dogs a day. The Yulin Centre for Animal Disease Control and Prevention states the city has only eight dog slaughterhouses selling approximately 200 dogs, and this increases to about 2,000 dogs during the Yulin festival. There have been several campaigns to stop the festival, with the first one reportedly having started among locals in China. In 2016, a petition calling for an end to the festival garnered 11 million signatures in the country. More than 3 million people have also signed petitions against it on Weibo (China's equivalent of Twitter). Prior to the 2014 festival, doctors and nurses were ordered not to eat dog meat there, and local restaurants serving dog meat were ordered to cover the word "dog" on their signs and notices. Reports in 2014 and 2016 have also suggested that the majority of Chinese on and offline disapprove of the festival.The movement against the consumption of cat and dog meat was given added impetus by the formation of the Chinese Companion Animal Protection Network (CCAPN). Having expanded to more than 40 member societies, CCAPN began organizing protests against eating dog and cat meat in 2006, starting in Guangzhou and continuing in more than ten other cities following a positive response from the public. Before the 2008 Beijing Olympics, officials ordered dog meat to be taken off the menu at its 112 official Olympic restaurants to avoid offending visitors from various nations where the consumption of dog meat is taboo. In 2010, draft legislation was proposed to prohibit the consumption of dog meat. In 2010, the first draft proposal of it was introduced, with the rationale to protect animals from maltreatment. The legislation included a measure to jail people for up to 15 days for eating dog meat, but there were few expectations for it to be enforced.

Decline
As of the early 21st century, dog meat consumption in China is declining. In 2014, dog meat sales decreased by a third compared to 2013. It was reported that in 2015, one of the most popular restaurants in Guangzhou serving dog meat was closed after the local government tightened regulations; the restaurant had served dog meat dishes since 1963. Other restaurants that served dog and cat meat in the Yuancun and Panyu districts also stopped serving these dishes in 2015. Close to 9 million Chinese in 2016 also voted online for proposed legislation to end the consumption of dog and cat meat, but the legislation was not taken forward.In April 2020, Shenzhen became the first Chinese city to ban consumption and production of dog and cat meat. This came as part of a wider clampdown on the wildlife trade which was thought to be linked to COVID-19 outbreak. Citing examples of Hong Kong and Taiwan, the Shenzhen city government said, "Banning the consumption of dogs and cats and other pets is a common practice in developed countries ... This ban also responds to the demand and spirit of human civilization". The city of Zhuhai followed suit in the same month with a similar ban. These decisions were applauded by animal welfare groups such as Humane Society International.In the same month, the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture said it considers dogs as "companion animals", not as livestock.

Malaysia
The consumption of dog meat is legal in Malaysia. The issue was brought to light in 2013 after the Malaysian Independent Animal Rescue group received a report alleging that a restaurant in Kampung Melayu, Subang had dogs caged and tortured before slaughtering them for their meat.

North Korea
A wall painting in the Goguryeo tombs complex in South Hwangghae Province, a World Heritage Site which dates from the 4th century AD, depicts a slaughtered dog in a storehouse. The Balhae people also enjoyed dog meat, and the modern-day tradition of canine cuisine seems to have come from that era.Daily NK reported that in early 2010, the North Korean government included dog meat in its list of one hundred fixed prices, setting a fixed price of 500 won per kilogram.

Philippines
The European Society of Dog and Animal Welfare estimates that half a million dogs are slaughtered for food each year in the Philippines.In the capital city of Manila, Metro Manila Commission Ordinance 82-05 specifically prohibits the killing and selling of dogs for food. More generally, the Philippine Animal Welfare Act 1998 prohibits the killing of any animal other than cattle, pigs, goats, sheep, poultry, rabbits, carabaos, horses, deer, and crocodiles–with exemptions for religious, cultural, research, public safety, and/or animal health reasons. Nevertheless, the consumption of dog meat is not uncommon in the Philippines, reflected in the occasional coverage in Philippine newspapers. Philippine news outlets ABS-CBN and SunStar stated in 2012 and 2017 that Korean nationals in Baguio had been playing a role in the city's dog meat trade.According to the Animal Welfare Institute, stray dogs, with many of them having been people's pets, have been rounded up off the street for the dog meat trade and shipped to the Benguet province without food or water while steel cans are forced onto their noses and their legs are tied behind their backs. Nearly half the dogs reportedly die before reaching their final destination. They are usually then killed via clubbing or having their throats cut, after which their fur is scorched off with a blow-torch and their bodies are dismembered. According to a 2007 book co-authored by Temple Grandin, dogs and other animals in some rural Philippine areas could risk getting beaten before slaughter, out of the belief it would create better meat.Asocena is a dish primarily consisting of dog meat originating from the Philippines. The province of Benguet specifically allows cultural use of dog meat by indigenous people and acknowledges this might lead to limited commercial use.In the early 1980s, there was an international outcry about dog meat consumption in the Philippines after newspapers published photos of Margaret Thatcher, then British Prime Minister, with a dog carcass hanging beside her on a market stall. The British Government discussed withdrawing foreign aid and other countries, such as Australia, considered similar action. To avoid such action, the Filipino government banned the sale of dog meat. Dog meat was then the third most consumed meat, behind pork and goat and ahead of beef.

Singapore
The sale of dog meat is banned in Singapore.

South Korea
Gaegogi (개고기) literally means "dog meat" in Korean. The term itself is often mistaken as the term for Korean soup made from dog meat, which is actually called bosintang (보신탕; 補身湯, Body nourishing soup) (sometimes spelled "bo-shintang").
Dog meat consumption has traditionally been a minority practice descended from nomadic peoples of Manchuria that entered the Goryeo Dynasty as refugees. The practice has never been widespread in the general population throughout history. While Korea has never been a high consumer of dog meat (in terms of % of the population), the country has drawn the most attention due to the high-profile campaigns of Korean animal rights activists and heated debates within South Korea.
Estimates of the number of animals consumed vary widely. The Humane Society International has estimated that 2 million or possibly more than 2.5 million dogs are reared on "dog meat farms" in South Korea (though, this number includes puppy mills for the pet industry). According to the Korea Animal Rights Advocates (KARA), approximately 780,000 to 1 million dogs are consumed per year in South Korea. However, these numbers have been critiqued as not being based on actual data and having no scientific basis.Estimates of dog meat consumption is much lower when accounting for actual sales. In 2017 the Moran Market, which occupied 30–40% of dog meat market in the nation, reported sales of about 20,000 dogs per year. Numbers have further declined from these 2017 estimates and all the major markets have shutdown, including Moran Market. According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, approximately 200 dog farms have been reported to be operating; though, the supply to the dog meat market is unclear as these farms also supply the pet industry.Over the past 50 years, dog meat consumption has been declining as more people have been adopting dogs as pets. In a 2020 survey, 84% of the Korean population reported never having consumed dog meat nor having plans to ever do so.Dog meat is consumed by an estimated 3.9% of the population based on a 2018 survey. The most popular dish is the soup "boshingtang", a spicy stew meant to balance the body's heat during the summer months. Eating hot soups during the summer is thought to ensure good health by balancing one's "qi", the believed vital energy of the body. Dog meat is believed by some to increase the body temperature, to induce sweating to keep one cool during the summer (the way of dealing with heat is called heal heat with heat (이열치열, 以熱治熱, i-yeol-chi-yeol)). A 19th-century version of gaejang-guk explains the preparation of the dish by boiling dog meat with vegetables such as green onions and chili pepper powder. Variations of the dish contain chicken and bamboo shoots.The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety recognizes any edible product other than drugs as food. South Korean Food Sanitary Law (식품위생법) does not include dog meat as a legal food ingredient. In the capital city of Seoul, the sale of dog meat was outlawed by regulation on 21 February 1984, by classifying dog meat as "repugnant food" (혐오식품, 嫌惡食品, hyeom-o sigpum), but the regulation was not rigorously enforced except during the 1988 Seoul Olympics. In 2001, the Mayor of Seoul announced there would be no extra enforcement efforts to control the sale of dog meat during the 2002 FIFA World Cup, which was partially hosted in Seoul. In 2018, a South Korean court ruled that it was illegal to kill dogs for their meat. On 21 November 2018, the South Korean government closed the Taepyeong-dong complex in Seongnam, which served as the country's main dog slaughterhouse.The primary dog breed raised for meat is a non-specific landrace, whose dogs are commonly named as Nureongi (누렁이) or Hwangu (황구). Nureongi are not the only type of dog currently slaughtered for their meat in South Korea. In 2015, The Korea Observer reported that many different pet breeds of dog are eaten in South Korea, including labradors, retrievers and cocker spaniels, and that the dogs slaughtered for their meat often include former pets. Some of them have reportedly been stolen from family homes.There is a large and vocal group of Koreans (consisting of a number of animal welfare groups) who oppose the practice of eating dog meat. Some Koreans do not eat the meat, but feel that it is the right of others to do so. A much smaller group had wanted (in 2002) to popularize the consumption of dog in Korea and the rest of the world. A group of activists attempted to promote and publicize the consumption of dog meat worldwide during the run-up to the 2002 FIFA World Cup, co-hosted by Japan and South Korea, which prompted retaliation from animal rights campaigners and prominent figures such as Brigitte Bardot to denounce the practice. Opponents of dog meat consumption in South Korea are critical of the eating of dog meat, as some dogs are beaten, burnt or hanged to make their meat more tender. In more recent decades, such practices are being prosecuted by law.Amidst the decline in dog meat consumption in contemporary Korea, a vocal group in Korea has critiqued the international outcry toward dog meat consumption as being hypocritical. International animal rights activists have noted the hypocrisy, as well, given the horrific conditions under which factory farmed animals are raised in the West. Some Korean citizens, as well as members of the international community, have pointed out that the nations from which most of the outcry has emerged have the highest per capita meat consumption on the planet, several-fold higher than that of South Korea.

Taiwan
In 2001, the Taiwanese government imposed a ban on the sale of dog meat, due to both pressure from domestic animal welfare groups and a desire to improve international perceptions, and there were some protests. In 2007, another law was passed, significantly increasing the fines to sellers of the meat. According to The Daily Meal in 2014, dog meat remained popular in Taiwan despite the laws, especially at smaller towns and villages. Animal rights activists have accused the Taiwanese government of not prosecuting those who continue to slaughter and serve dog meat at restaurants.
In April 2017, Taiwan became the first country in the East Asia to officially ban the consumption of dog and cat meat as well as jail time for those who torture and kill animals. The Animal Protection Act amendments approved by the Legislative Yuan aims to punish the sale, purchase or consumption of dog or cat meat with fines ranging from NT$50,000 to NT$2 million. The amendments also stiffen punishment for those who intentionally harm animals to a maximum two years' imprisonment and fines of NT$200,000 to NT$2 million.In October 2017, Taiwan's national legislature, known as Legislative Yuan, passed amendments to the country's Animal Protection Act which "bans the sale and consumption of dog and cat meat and of any food products that contain the meat or other parts of these animals."

Timor-Leste
Dog meat is a delicacy popular in Timor-Leste.

Thailand
There used to be a small regional culture of eating dog meat, as well as a trade of dogs for consumption and transporting them to nearby Vietnam where dog meat consumption was more common. In 2014, Thailand passed the Prevention of Animal Cruelty and Provision of Animal Welfare Act which, among other provisions, made it illegal to trade in or consume dog meat. As of 2016, the trade to Vietnam has continued, with CNN reporting that broken bones and crushed skulls have been a common injury for the smuggled dogs.

Uzbekistan
Dog meat has sometimes been used in Uzbekistan in the belief that it has medicinal properties.

Vietnam
Around five million dogs are slaughtered in Vietnam every year, making the country the second biggest consumer of dog meat in the world after China. The consumption has been criticized by many in Vietnam and around the world as most of the dogs are pets stolen and killed in brutal ways, usually by being bludgeoned, stabbed, burned alive, or having their throat slit. Vietnam does not have strong regulations to stop the practice. Dog thieves are rarely punished, and neither are the people who buy and sell stolen meat. Dog meat is particularly popular in the urban areas of the north, and can be found in special restaurants which specifically serve dog meat.A 2013 survey on VietNamNet, with a participation of more than 3,000 readers, showed that the majority of people, at 80%, supported eating dog meat. Up to 66 percent of the readers said that dog meat is nutritious and has been a traditional food for a very long time. Some 13% said eating dog meat is okay but dog slaughtering must be strictly controlled in order to avoid embarrassing images.Dog meat is believed to bring good fortune in Vietnamese culture. It is seen as being comparable in consumption to chicken or pork. In urban areas, there are neighbourhoods that contain many dog meat restaurants. For example, on Nhat Tan Street, Tây Hồ District, Hanoi, many restaurants serve dog meat. Groups of customers, usually male, seated on mats, will spend their evenings sharing plates of dog meat and drinking alcohol. The consumption of dog meat can be part of a ritual usually occurring toward the end of the lunar month for reasons of astrology and luck. Restaurants which mainly exist to serve dog meat may only open for the last half of the lunar month. Dog meat is also believed to raise men's libido. There used to be a large smuggling trade from Thailand to export dogs to Vietnam for human consumption. A concerted campaign between 2007 and 2014 by animal activists in Thailand, led by the Soi Dog Foundation, convinced authorities in both Thailand and Vietnam that the dog meat trade was a hindrance to efforts to tackle rabies in Southeast Asia. In 2014, Thailand introduced a new law against animal cruelty, which greatly increased penalties faced by dog smugglers. The trade had significantly diminished.In 2009, dog meat was found to be a main carrier of the Vibrio cholerae bacterium, which caused the summer epidemic of cholera in northern Vietnam.
Prior to 2014, more than 5 million dogs were killed for meat every year in Vietnam according to the Asia Canine Protection Alliance. There are indications that the desire to eat dog meat in Vietnam is waning. Part of the decline is thought to be due to an increased number of Vietnamese people keeping dogs as pets, as their incomes have risen in the past few decades. [People] used to raise dogs to guard the house, and when they needed the meat, they ate it. Now they keep dog as pets, imported from China, Japan, and other countries. One pet dog might cost hundreds of millions of dong [100 million dong is $4,677].
In 2018, officials in the city of Hanoi urged citizens to stop eating dog and cat meat, citing concerns about the cruel methods with which the animals are slaughtered and the diseases this practice propagates, including rabies and leptospirosis. The primary reason for this exhortation seems to be a fear that the practice of dog and cat consumption, most of which are stolen household pets, could tarnish the city's image as a “civilised and modern capital”.

Europe
Austria
Section 6, Paragraph 2 of the law for the protection of animals prohibits the killing of dogs and cats for purposes of consumption as food or for other products.

Switzerland
In 2012, the Swiss newspaper Tages-Anzeiger reported that dogs, as well as cats, are eaten regularly by a few farmers in rural areas. Commercial slaughter and sale of dog meat is banned, but farmers are allowed to slaughter dogs for personal consumption.
In his 1979 book Unmentionable Cuisine, Calvin Schwabe described a Swiss dog meat recipe, gedörrtes Hundefleisch, served as paper-thin slices, as well as smoked dog ham, Hundeschinken, which is prepared by salting and drying raw dog meat.It is illegal in Switzerland to commercially produce food made from dog meat.

United Kingdom
Although the commercial trade of dog meat is illegal, it is still currently legal in the United Kingdom to consume dog meat.

France
In France, butcher shops selling dog meat were open all over town until around 1910.
In his poem "Alcools," Guillaume Apollinaire mentions a butcher who sells dog meat.

Oceania
Australia
Each Australian state or territory has its own regulation, but all have laws either making it illegal to eat dog meat or to kill a dog for consumption. It is also prohibited to sell dog meat based on meat processing standards and codes.

Tonga
The consumption of domestic dog meat is commonplace in Tonga, and has also been noted in expatriate Tongan communities in New Zealand, Australia, and the United States.

Other dog products
Central Asia
According to Eurasianet, dog fat is seen as a well-established would-be treatment for tuberculosis in parts of Central Asia. The fat has reportedly been used as a folk remedy for COVID-19 in Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.

Poland
Eating dog meat is taboo in Polish culture. However, since the 16th century, fat from various animals, including dogs, was used as part of folk medicine, and since the 18th century dog fat has had a reputation as being beneficial for the lungs. According to Polityka magazine, the main producers of dog fat in 19th- and early 20th-century Poland were Gypsies. While making lard, or smalec, out of dogs' fat is currently discouraged in the country, this practice continues in some rural areas, especially Lesser Poland.In 2009, Polish prosecutors reportedly found that a farm near Częstochowa was overfeeding dogs to be rendered down into lard. According to Grażyna Zawada, from Gazeta Wyborcza, there were farms in Częstochowa, Kłobuck, and in the Radom area, and in the decade from 2000 to 2010 six people producing dog lard were found guilty of breaching animal welfare laws and sentenced to jail. However, the Krakow Post reported that a man who had admitted to stealing and killing dogs for lard in 2009 at Wieliczka was found not guilty of any crimes by the court, who ruled that the dogs had been slaughtered humanely for culinary purposes. As of 2014, there have been new cases prosecuted.

South Korea
Gaesoju (개소주; 개燒酒) also known as dog wine, is a mixed drink containing dog meat and other Chinese medicine ingredients such as ginger, chestnut, and jujube to act primarily as a powerful sex drive booster for men, though it is also used to get rid of colds.
It is produced by putting a slaughtered dog into a chicken plucker to remove the fur before being placed into a pressure cooker between 6–19 hours with herbs until it is a dark liquid and bottled as a drink. Women in South Korea produce homemade gaesoju for their husbands as a bedroom gift, or they purchase commercial gaesoju from special markets.
In terms of popularity, there is a South Korean song which mentions a wife turning a dog into gaesoju for her husband and popularity of Gaesoju as a sex tonic is rising compared to dog meat sales.

Dog breeds used for meat
The Nureongi in Korea is most often used as a livestock dog, raised for its meat, and not commonly kept as pets. In 2015, The Korea Observer reported that many different pet breeds of dog are eaten in South Korea, including Labrador retrievers and Cocker Spaniels, and that the dogs slaughtered for their meat may include former pets.The Tosa, or Japanese Fighting Dog is replacing older breeds or mutts in South Korea. The Tosa is not commonly a pet and is banned in multiple countries, it is also very lean with a little bit of fat, making it perfect for meat production. Currently only Government-Approved dog farms in Korea raise Tosa for meat.The Dabengou translated as “Big Dumb Dog” is the most used dog in dog meat farms in China. They are mutts produced by breeding St. Bernard dogs from Russia or Kazakhstan with local Chinese dogs. This produces a “beef” like texture of fat and lean, allowing the dog meat to be made into more tender dishes like burgers, sausages or steaks. They also produce larger amounts of pups, weigh over 200 pounds, grow up faster and are immune to most dog diseases. A single St. Bernard from a premium Chinese breeding farm can range from $3000–4000 since it is desired so much to produce larger mutts.The Chow Chow was also known as “Chinese Edible-Dog” because after the Han Dynasty collapsed, they were fattened and bred with Chinese breeds for meat. Today Chinese dog farms still raise Chow Chow for the purpose of eating, black skinned ones are valued due to their taste when fried while yellow are typically turned into stews.The Xoloitzcuintli, or Mexican hairless dog, is one of several breeds of hairless dog and has been used as a historical source of food for the Aztec Empire.The extinct Hawaiian Poi Dog and Polynesian Dog were breeds of pariah dog used by Native Hawaiians as a spiritual protector of children and as a source of food.The extinct Tahitian Dog was a food source, and served by high ranking chiefs to the early European explorers who visited the islands. Captain James Cook and his crew developed a taste for the dog, with Cook noting, "For tame Animals they have Hogs, Fowls, and Dogs, the latter of which we learned to Eat from them, and few were there of us but what allow'd that a South Sea dog was next to an English Lamb."

See also
Canine butcher
Carnism
Cat meat
Cow meat
Pig meat
Speciesism
Seal meat
Taboo food and drink
Wolf meat

References
Further reading


== External links ==Saleh Badr Al-Yazidi (Arabic: صالح بدر اليزيدي; born February 10, 1993) is a Qatari football player who plays for Al Ahli as a midfielder. He also plays for Qatar's Olympic and U-20 teams. His family is descended from the sheikhdom ruled by the Yazidi tribe in Lower Yafa, a historic state in what was then known as the British Aden Protectorate (present-day Yemen). He played football for a team in Yemen in his youth years, and was later a student at the acclaimed Aspire Academy in Qatar. He gained Qatari citizenship in July 2011. His family still lives in Yafa.

Club career
Yazidi previously played for Al Muaither's youth teams. He later joined Aspire Academy, before becoming a part of Al Sadd's youth team, where he won the top scorer title for the U-19 league with 14 goals in 2011. He graduated from Aspire Academy in 2010.He made his first-team debut for Al Sadd in 2010.

International career
U-20 team
Yazidi made his debut for the national youth team on August, 2011, against Japan. He featured in the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification campaign for the Qatar under–20 team. He scored 3 goals in the 5 matches Qatar played, including a brace against Bahrain. Qatar finished at the top of their group, ending the qualification with a loss against Tajikistan.
Yazidi also played one game in the 10th International Friendship Youth Tournament, which Qatar came runners-up in, scoring a goal.
He participated in the ASPIRE U–19 tournament in which Qatar won. He played all 3 games and scored a brace against Tunisia.

U-23 team
Yazidi made his U–23 debut in the 2012 Summer Olympic Qualifiers. His first appearance was on 5 February 2012 against Oman, in a dramatic match which ended 2–2. Shortly after, he featured in a match against Saudi Arabia, which Qatar won 2–1, thanks to an assist Yazidi provided to Hassan Al Haidos two minutes before half-time.In the qualifying campaign for the 2014 AFC U-22 Asian Cup, he participated in a warm-up game against the UAE. He also came on as a substitute in their first group stage game against Maldives in the 60th minute, scoring a goal 17 minutes later in the 77th minute in order to give Qatar 2–0 win.

Honours
Qatar Youth League Top Scorer2011

Personal
He is a distant relative of Mohammed Al Yazidi, who is also an Al Sadd player.

References
External links
Player profile - QSL.com.qa
FIFA.com - Men's Olympic Football Tournament : PhotosRossella Giordano (born 1 December 1972 in Asti) is an Italian race walker.

Biography
Rossella Giordano won four silver medals, to senior level, at the International athletics competitions. She participated at two editions of the Summer Olympics (1996 and 2004), she has 25 caps in national team from 1996 to 2008.

National record
20000 metres walk (track): 1:30:48 ( Almada, 4 August 2000)

Achievements
National titles
She won three times the individual national championship.
3 wins in the 10 km walk (1996, 1998)
1 win in the 5000 m walk track (2006)

See also
Italy at the European Race Walking Cup - Multiple medalists
Italian all-time lists - 20 km walk

References
External links
Rossella Giordano at World Athletics
Rossella Giordano at European Athletic Association (archived)
Rossella Giordano at Italian Athletics Federation (in Italian)
Rossella Giordano at Olympics.com
Rossella Giordano at Olympedia
Rossella Giordano at RAI
Rossella Giordano at Marcia nel mondo (in Italian)Thundercoaster is a wooden roller coaster located at TusenFryd in Vinterbro, Norway. Manufactured by Dutch manufacturer Vekoma, it opened on 1 May 2001 and features a drop of 32 metres (105 ft), a maximum speed of 93 kilometres per hour (58 mph), and a track length of 950 metres (3,120 ft). It is Norway's only wooden roller coaster.

Characteristics
Track
Thundercoaster's track is 950 metres (3,120 ft) in length and features a maximum drop of 32 metres (105 ft) at an angle of 57.4 degrees. The ride reaches a maximum speed of 93 kilometres per hour (58 mph). One cycle of the ride lasts approximately two minutes.

Trains
Thundercoaster originally ran with trains from Vekoma. Each train had four cars seating six riders each in two rows of two. However, for the 2015 season, these trains were replaced by Timberliner trains from Cincinnati, Ohio-based Gravitykraft Corporation. The coaster now uses two trains, each of which has 12 cars seating two riders; this allows for a total of 24 riders per train.


Dadwindi ( ਡਡਵਿੰਡੀ ) is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi tehsil in Kapurthala district of Punjab, India. It is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the city of Sultanpur Lodhi, 20 kilometres (12 mi) away from district headquarter Kapurthala.  The village is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per the constitution of India and Panchayati raj (India).

References
List of cities near the village
Bhulath
Kapurthala
Phagwara
Sultanpur Lodhi

Air travel connectivity
The closest International airport to the village is Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport.

External links
Villages in Kapurthala
List of Villages in Kapurthala TehsilShinjin Motors or Sinjin Motors (Korean: 신진자동차, IPA: [ɕindʑin dʑadoŋtɕʰa]) is a defunct South Korean car manufacturer.
A related bus manufacturer called "Shinjin Bus Manufacturing Company" was founded in 1955 as an independent company. It is now a part of Daewoo Bus Corporation.

History
The Shinjin Industrial Company started as a parts producer in 1954, branching into the automotive field in 1958 as a rebuilder for the U.S. Army, with actual assembly commencing in 1962.The Government of South Korea enacted the "Automotive Industry Promotion Law" in 1962. Under this legislation, the importation of assembled automobiles was outlawed, subsidies were made available to assemblers who were also afforded tariff exemption on the importation of parts. Responsibility for deciding which firms would be authorized to undertake automobile manufacturing was held by the Minister of Trade and Industry, who at the time opted to appoint just one company for each product segment to maximize economies of scale. The minister initially favored the Sammi Corporation for passenger automobiles. Preference was shifted to Saenara Motors after the latter made alleged political contributions to the party recently established by the military government. Consequently, Saenara signed an agreement with Nissan who provided the company with technical assistance and a US$35 million loan to facilitate the construction of a factory in Bupyeong-gu, Incheon. Saenara Motors began importing duty-free Datsun Bluebird (310) semi-knock-down kits from Nissan in November 1962 at a cost of ₩130,000 per unit. The assembled cars were then retailed at ₩250,000—thus producing large profit margins that allowed Saenara to provide political donations to the government. Due to a shortage in foreign currency, the junta later forbid the firm from importing further kits, leading to the cessation of manufacture in May 1963, having built only 2,773 cars. Saenara collapsed that July, thus resulting in its ownership transfer under joint management by the ministry and Hanil Bank.

In November 1963, Shinjin released the Shinsungho (alternatively spelled Sinsungho)—an exact copy of the Saenara Bluebird except they were fitted with Jeep engines. Shinsungho models continued until 1966, by which time just 322 Shinsungho cars had been produced.The ministry unveiled a new automotive plan in August 1964 that envisaged a parts and components sector that revolved around a sole automobile assembler. The government reassigned Shinjin as the authorized automobile producer in May 1964 via a new Shinjin Automobile Company division, with the manufacturer taking control of the Saenara plant in November 1965. The selection of the Shinjin bid was again attributed to sizeable contribution to the political party in power. However, according to Odaka (1983), the government's selection appears to have made provision for the technological capability of Shinjin.Initially, Shinjin formed a technical venture with Mitsubishi Motors, assembling 100 units of the Mitsubishi "Gold" model with imported and semi-knock-down parts. This was denounced by other firms as it acted contrary to the government’s objective of localizing the parts industry, and as such Shinjin terminated the deal a year later.A new foreign venture was then established with Toyota in January 1966 and approved by the ministry on 2 February 1966. This resulted in models such as the Toyota Corona from May 1966 being produced and achieving 21 percent local parts content. Corona manufacture allowed the company to increase its 1965 asset base of ₩300 million to ₩3.2 billion in 1968. The profitability experienced by Shinjin became a source of contention with other industrial groups emerging as lobbyists to convince the government to grant further licensing, thus ending the monopoly. In December 1966, the government decided to terminate the monopoly held by Shinjin by investigating other firms to commence passenger car production. In 1967, Hyundai was approved, with Asia Motors following suit a year later, and Kia Motors in 1971. The cessation of this monopoly, in conjunction with technological relationships with foreign corporations, substantially uplifted the total automotive industry output in South Korea to 33,000 units in 1969, up from 7,400 in 1966. However, as production numbers started to decline, the government implemented new measures to promote growth. This included permission for the transfer of Toyota's shares in Shinjin to General Motors in 1972. This ownership transfer was necessitated due to Toyota's wish to move into the Chinese market—the People's Republic of China prohibited companies operating in South Korea and Taiwan from operating in mainland China as well. The new partnership sought with General Motors, resulted in the 50-50 General Motors Korea (GMK) joint venture. Due to financial difficulties, Shinjin sold its stake of GMK in November 1976 to the Korea Development Bank (KBD), and GMK was retitled Saehan Motors. The KBD later sold this equity stake onto the Daewoo Group in 1978.In April 1974, a separate 50-50 alliance was set up between Shinjin and the American Motor Company (AMC), known as Shinjin Jeep Motors. The following month, Shinjin entered into a technical partnership contract with AMC, and in October 1974, production of hard and softtop Jeeps commenced. In March 1979 AMC relinquished its stake in the firm as it became a domestic corporation and its name was subsequently changed to Shinjin Motors. The corporation was renamed once again in February 1981 to Keohwa, which was taken over by Dong-A Motors in December 1984. This acquisition resulted in the "Dong-A" nameplate being applied to all South Korean manufactured Jeeps from 1985. When the SsangYong Group chaebol purchased Dong-A in September 1986, the firm was subsequently renamed "SsangYong Motor Company" in March 1988. At the same time, all "Jeeps" produced by the former Keohwa under the "Dong-A" trademark were re-branded "SsangYong".

Shinjin models
Automobiles
Shinjin Corona — the first model of the brand and launched in May 1966. The Corona is a mid-size sedan with a 1,490 cc four-cylinder, two-barrel carburetor engine producing 82 PS (60 kW) and 122 N⋅m (12.4 kg⋅m). The suspension was independent coil suspension with hydraulic shock absorbers with front and rear drum brakes. It was the most popular car of its time in South Korea, selling a total of 44,248 units. The model went through a model change in 1970 with optional 1600 cc engine producing 90 PS (66 kW). The Corona was discontinued in 1972. Very few Shinjin Coronas remain today.
Shinjin Publica — introduced in 1967, powered by the air cooled 790 cc two-cylinder, horizontally-opposed engine good for 30 kW (40 hp). Shinjin Motors believed that there would be a private automobile boom in South Korea and many people would look forward to purchasing a small and economical car. The Publica is known as the "Red Car"or "Little Car" by the public and became very famous. However, sales were not successful with only 2,005 cars sold until 1971. The model offered three body options: two-door, wagon, and pickup versions. Only three cars survive today, with one designated in 2008 as registered heritage property of South Korea.
Shinjin Crown — in 1967 the manufacturer established this model as its first luxury car, using a 1,453 cc inline-four engine producing 45 kW (61 hp) and a maximum speed of 116 km/h (72 mph). The model was mainly purchased by large industry owners, government agencies, and the highway patrol police. Between 1969 and 1970 the model went through three facelifts. The 1969 Crown Deluxe received a minor face lift, new trim and a new 1,988 cc engine producing 78 kW (105 hp) and with a top speed of 148 km/h (92 mph). In 1970, Shinjin released the Shinjin New Crown in a second attempt to enter this luxury segment and manage to be very successful selling 3,839 cars, double that of Hyundai's Ford 20M. However, after Toyota left Shinjin Motor Company, they were not able to sell more vehicles and was bought by General Motors.

Buses
Microbus — The body of the microbus was built and assembled by Shinjin Motor Company, however, because they were unable to manufacture the powertrain and chassis, they were taken from Dodge M37. Since the bus is very first South Korean built vehicle, many bus companies purchased them, thus making the Microbus the first successful bus built by Shinjin.
FB100LK — After the success of the Microbus, Shinjin turned to building large buses for public transit in the city of Seoul which were dominated by Hadonghan Motor Company. Instead of using power source from military vehicles, Shinjin issued the Isuzu Motors BR20 bus in both front- and rear-engined configurations. The FB100LK soon became one of the best sellers for the company.
DB102LC — Shinjin also built buses using Toyota's powertrain and chassis. The bus is the longer version of the FB100LK, but used for the same purpose. The bus is based on Toyota DB100K, although front design was changed and many components were built by Shinjin themselves. Only the front-engine setup was available. After Toyota ceased its relations with Shinjin, this bus was discontinued.
RC420TP — After founding of the Gyeongbu Expressway, Shinjin license built the Hino RC300P for the new express bus market. It was mounted with Hino DK20-T engine and had air suspension. However, it was built only for one year giving a total of just 67 units. The bus is recognized in South Korea as one of the first express buses, although the first express bus was Hyundai's Ford R226 Turbo.

Trucks
Land Cruiser Pickup — The Land Cruiser Pickup was first four-wheel drive pickup and mainly purchased by construction workers and private owners. The pickup was very successful and replaced old US Army trucks sold to civilians after war. The pickup was sold until 1972. Only one example survives today owned by private owner.
Ace — Shinjin sold a light truck that was a licensed Toyota ToyoAce. It was popular choice for many transport companies and remained very popular until its demise in 1972.
Cargo Truck — Shinjin licensed built Toyota Truck in 1967 to sell it in truck market. It is nicknamed "Toyota Bonnet Truck" because the engine is mounted in front of the cab with the truck bonnet stretched out. It was also sold as a ladder truck for fire department. It was discontinued in 1970.
Dump Truck — Shinjin license built a Hino truck in 1968 to sell to construction companies and since there wasn't a name for this truck, people nicknamed it the "Hino Bonnet Truck". The truck was not a sales success and was discontinued in 1971.
6.5t Cargo Truck — The truck was licensed built, based on Hino TC cab-over truck. The truck was first cab-over truck in South Korea and became popular. The truck was targeted for transportation companies that mainly uses the expressway. The truck was discontinued in 1972.

GMK models
Shinjin changed its name to GMK (General Motors Korea) after its 50-50 joint venture with GM resulting in ₩18 billion in capital. From now on, vehicle assembly of GM vehicles occurred, with engines from the German subsidiary of GM, Opel. These GM models were popular in South Korea and continued manufactured with to Saehan Motors and Daewoo Motors.

Automobiles
Chevrolet 1700 — introduced in South Korea in August 1972 based on the Holden Torana (LJ) from Australia. The car had 1,698 cc CHI engine producing 59 kW (79 hp) and 127 N⋅m (13.0 kg⋅m). Compared to its rivals, the 1700 had more power and the car was reliable. However, it also had a low ride height and high fuel consumption compared to rivals. This was problematic as the car was built during the 1973 oil crisis. This also effected the taxi industry which consumed 60 percent of Chevrolet 1700 sales. GMK soon fitted a fuel saving system on the Chevrolet 1700, but the sales remained low and the model was discontinued in 1975 after 8,105 units were sold. Only one Chevrolet 1700 survives today, a former taxi. There was also a wagon version of Chevrolet 1700 called Caravan.
Record 1900 — introduced in 1973 and based on the Opel Rekord D. The car was the flagship luxury sedan for GMK, fitted with a 1,897 cc CHI engine producing 76 kW (102 hp) and 159 N⋅m (16.2 kg⋅m). In 1975, GMK issued minor trim changs for the Record 1900 and the name changed to Record Royal. The car had no exterior changes, but had subtle interior changes. The model continued to Saehan Motor and Daewoo Motor.
GMK Camina — the successor of the Chevrolet 1700 based on Holden Torana and introduced in March 1976. The car shared the same chassis with the Chevrolet 1700 but had a downsized 1,495 cc engine producing 49 kW (66 hp) and 110 N⋅m (11.2 kg⋅m). GMK also attempted to make car more luxurious adding console box, new door trims and adjustable bucket seats. However, the smaller engine was underpowered and couldn't balance out the car's weight very well. The Camina was discontinued in January 1978 with only 922 cars sold.

Trucks
Chevrolet 6.5t Cargo — was the first Cargo truck introduced by GMK, licensed version of Isuzu TDX50E cabover truck. The truck was powered by Isuzu V8 engine. It was discontinued in 1975.
Chevrolet 11t Cargo — a cargo truck licensed version of Isuzu SRZ truck and used the 12,023 cc Isuzu V8 engine producing 180 kW (240 hp). The truck was later sold with the Saehan badge and the MAN D0846HM engine. It was later sold as a Daewoo, before being replaced with the introduction of Daewoo D2848 Cargo Truck.
Chevrolet 10.5t Dump — licensed version of Isuzu TDX bonnet truck. The truck also used the same engine as the Isuzu TDX truck which produced 180 kW (240 hp). The truck continued to be built by both Saehan and Daewoo Motors using the MAN D0846HM engine. The truck was discontinued after introduction of Daewoo D2848 Dump Truck which is based on Isuzu Super Power.
GMC Tractor — a 34t tractor truck that is export version of the GMC 9500 Tractor Truck. The truck was equipped with the Detroit Diesel 9,299 cc 8V71 engine producing 218 kW (293 hp).

References
Bibliography
Catalan, Jordi (2007). "Protection revisited: The development of the automobile industry in Argentina, Spain and South Korea, 1945–87" (PDF). Paper presented from June 29 – July 1, 2007 at the Seventh Conference of the European Historical Economics Society, Lund, Sweden.
Chang, Dal Joong; Chang, Tal-chung (1985). Economic Control and Political Authoritarianism: The Role of Japanese Corporations in Korean Politics, 1965–1979. Seoul: Sogang University Press. OCLC 13575491.
Foster, Patrick R. (2004). The Story of Jeep. Iola, Wisconsin: Krause Publications. ISBN 978-0-87349-735-0.
Guillén, Mauro F. (2010). The Limits of Convergence: Globalization and Organizational Change in Argentina, South Korea, and Spain. Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press. ISBN 978-1-400-82420-5.
Keller, William Walton; Samuels, Richard J. (2003). Crisis and innovation in Asian technology. Cambridge, Cambridgeshire: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-52409-4.
Kim, Pyŏng-guk; Vogel, Ezra F. (2011). The Park Chung Hee Era: The Transformation of South Korea. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-05820-0.
Kwon, Seung-Ho; Lansbury, Russell D.; Suh, Chung-Sok (2007). The Global Korean Motor Industry: The Hyundai Motor Company's Global Strategy. Abingdon-on-Thames: Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-41366-4.
Lew, Seok-Jin (1992). Bringing capital back in: a case study of the South Korean automobile industrialization (Ph.D.). New Haven, Connecticut: Yale University. OCLC 29701027.
Odaka, Kōnosuke (1983). The Motor vehicle industry in Asia: a study of ancillary firm development. Singapore: Published for Council for Asian Manpower Studies by Singapore University Press. ISBN 9971-69-057-8.

External links
Saenara, Shinsungho, Shinjin, Saehan, and Daewoo at Buscar
60th anniversary of the Soutk Korea automotive industry at Global Auto News
History of Daewoo (in Russian)
List of Shinjin models (in Russian)
Shinjin Publica (in Japanese)
Daewoo in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s (in Spanish)Thomas Leverton (c.1743 – 23 September 1824) was an English architect.

Life
He was born in Waltham Abbey, Essex, where he was baptised on 11 June 1743, the son of the builder Lancelot Leverton. Having learned his father's trade he acquired the skills of architecture with the help of patrons.
He built houses both in London and the countryside, including  Watton Wood Hall (now Woodhall Park), Hertfordshire,  built in  1777–82 for Sir Thomas Rumbold, which includes a hall decorated in the  Etruscan style. In 1780 he designed Plaistow Lodge (now Quernmore School) for Peter Thellusson at Bromley, Kent in a style suggestive of Adams. His domed refit of Scampston Hall near Malton, Yorkshire (1803), reflected the work of Wyatt. Other houses by Leverton, now demolished, included  Woodford Hall, Essex, built in 1775 for William Hunt, and Riddlesworth Hall, Norfolk, built in 1792 for Silvanus Bevan III. Error:(Riddlesworth Hall was not demolished and is the home of Riddlesworth Hall Preparatory School). Error - The Riddlesworth Hall designed by Leverton burnt down in 1899, the current Hall is indeed a school but the architect was H.J.Green
In the grounds of Parlington Hall, Yorkshire, he built a triumphal arch in commemoration of the American victory in the War of Independence for Sir Thomas Gascoigne. Leverton showed the design at the Royal Academy in 1781.He has sometimes been credited with the design of Bedford Square in London: while this is uncertain some of the individual houses are attributed to him, and interiors, including those at No 13, where he lived from 1795. His chief skill lay in the innovatory design of small-scale interiors. Describing  his work at Woodhall Park, Nikolaus Pevsner said that Leverton's interiors "have a style, decidedly their own, different from Adam's or Chambers's or Hollands's" their character coming out most clearly in the central staircase hallway, "profusely but very delicately decorated with plaster  à  la antique".
Leverton was surveyor to the Grocers' Company, for whom he built a new hall, completed in 1802. A brick building with stone facings (including a rusticated basement level and Tuscan pilasters), it was described in a contemporary account as "though not a splendid fabric ... well adapted to its enclosed situation." The foundations proved inadequate, and by 1814 cracks had developed in the building. He was also surveyor to the theatres royal in London and the Phoenix Fire Insurance Company, London, for which he built offices in Lombard Street in about 1787 and a fire engine house at Charing Cross, both later demolished.
He took over as architect at the Department of Land Revenue after the retirement of John Marquand. In this capacity he, along with his pupil, Thomas Chawner, submitted a plan for the improvement of the crown property of Marylebone Park Farm (now Regent's Park) in July 1811, although  John Nash's plans were preferred.Stephen Geary, founder and architect of Highgate Cemetery, was Leverton's pupil between 1811 and 1818.
He exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1777 until 1803.He was a Justice of the Peace (JP) for Westminster, Middlesex, Surrey and Kent.

Family
He was married twice, firstly in 1766  and  then, in 1803,  to Rebecca Craven of Blackheath, but his only son predeceased him. His niece married a pupil, James Donaldson, and was the mother of Thomas Leverton Donaldson, who became Professor of Architecture at London University. But something happened.

Death and legacy
Leverton died at 13 Bedford Square, London, on 23 September 1824. He was buried at Waltham Abbey.
The Thomas Leverton Charity, founded by money left in Leverton's will, is intended to aid deserving women in distress, preferably widows resident in the united parishes of St Giles and St George. It has since been amalgamated into the St Giles-in-the-Fields and Bloomsbury United Charity.

Works
Woodford Hall in Essex (built 1775 for William Hunt; demolished)
Watton Wood Hall (now Woodhall Park), Hertfordshire, (built 1777–82 for Sir Thomas Rumbold).
Triumphal Arch, Parlington Hall, Aberford, Yorkshire (built c.1781–3 for Thomas Gascoigne).
Riddlesworth Hall in Norfolk (built 1792 for Sivanus Bevan).
Grocers' Hall, City of London (1798–93; demolished).
Scampston Hall, Yorkshire (remodelled in 1803 for William Thomas St Quintin).
4 Hamilton Place, Mayfair, London (1807-1810 GII)
5 Hamilton Place, Mayfair, London (1807-1810, GII*)
Gordon House, Chelsea (built 1809 for Lieutenant Colonel J. Willoughby Gordon).
Office for the Phoenix Fire Insurance Company, Lombard Street, London (demolished).
Fire engine house at Charing Cross fire engine house at Charing Cross (demolished).
And when he died his wife set up a school in Highbridge Street, with money that Thomas had left for 20 poor boys and 20 poor girls in the parish to attend a school.

References
Sources
Graves, Algernon (1905). The Royal Academy: A Complete Dictionary of Contributors from its Foundations in 1769 to 1904. Vol. 5. London: Henry Graves.
Pevsner, Nikolaus (1953). Hertfordshire. Buildings of England. Harmondsworth: Penguin Books.
Winters, W. (1885). Our Parish Records. Waltham Cross: W. Winters.Topic Studios is an American film production company owned by First Look Media. The company is known for producing films Leave No Trace (2018), Luce (2019), The Climb (2019),  The Mauritanian (2021). The company also produces television shows including Love Fraud (2020) and  100 Foot Wave (2021).

History
In June 2017, it was announced First Look Media would be launching a film and television production and distribution company Topic Studios. The company's first film was Roman J. Israel, Esq. directed by Dan Gilroy, starring Denzel Washington and released in November 2017, by Columbia Pictures.In December 2020, Topic Studios signed a first look deal with The Population, a production company owned by Mynette Louie. In February 2021, Studios also signed a first look deal with Loveless Media.

Filmography
2010s
2020s
Upcoming
References
External links
Official websiteA system identification number (SID) is broadcast by one or more base stations to identify a cellular network in a certain area (usually contiguous). It is globally unique within AMPS, TDMA or CDMA networks (the first two systems are essentially obsolete). This number sometimes has conflicts (see IFAST).

SID codes
These codes are broadcast as 15 bit values but transmitted as 16 bits by core network protocols. They can be listed within a wireless device to show preference for one network over another. The additional bit in core network protocols allows the range of codes above 32,767 to be used for internal purposes, such as segregating billing records within a large area identified by a single broadcast SID.
Telecommunications Industry Association committee TR-45.2 assigned ranges to every country extant in the 1980s and national regulators assigned individual numbers. IFAST took over in 1997. This number space is 90% utilized for country ranges. Many countries do not use all of their allocated codes, hence the majority of codes are unused.
SIDs are assigned to every carrier (e.g., Verizon, Sprint, Alltel) by national regulators or IFAST. SIDs are programmed into the phone when purchased. A phone will maintain a list of "preferred" systems identified by their SID code. The SID may also modify some signaling messages that are transmitted by mobiles (e.g. reducing the amount of information transmitted by "home" mobiles).

How SIDs work
When the phone is turned on, it listens for a signal. If it receives a signal, it looks at the SID carried by the signal, and compares it with the one that is stored in the phone. Originally, in analog systems, the mobile would turn on the roaming indicator if the SID was not the single value stored in the phone.
With CDMA systems the Preferred Roaming List (PRL) is responsible for determining which areas a mobile can roam into. Base stations may also broadcast an MCC and MNC which can also be used by the PRL.

External links
Mountain Wireless SID database
IFAST SID InformationWNDX (93.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station, licensed to Lawrence, Indiana, and serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area. It is owned by Cumulus Media and airs an active rock radio format, using the moniker 93.9X. The studios and offices are located on North Shadeland Avenue on the east side of Indianapolis.
WNDX's transmitter is located off 38th Street, also on the east side of Indianapolis. It is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission to broadcast in the HD (hybrid) format.

History
Early years (1993–2001)
The station signed on the air on February 12, 1993, as WXTZ, "Ecstasy 93.9." It was licensed to Fishers, and carried an easy listening format similar to the original WXTZ, which broadcast at 103.3 several years prior. The easy format lasted until January 15, 1996, when it was dropped in favor of ABC Radio's now-defunct "Solid Gold Soul" satellite format, which played urban oldies, using the moniker "Gold 93.9." The call sign changed to WGLD in February 1996 to reflect this change. Solid Gold Soul was short-lived, and by the fall of 1996, WGLD changed to another satellite format, Jones Radio Network's smooth jazz format.
The license was sold to Susquehanna Broadcasting in 1997. Management decided that Susquehanna's modern country music "flanker station," WGRL "104.5 The Bear," would be moved to 93.9, while a new format, under 93.9's WGLD calls, would be placed on 104.5. To smooth over the transition, the two stations simulcast "The Bear" for the first few weeks of June 1997. Once the move was complete, the WGLD call letters moved to 104.5 and became oldies "Gold 104.5." The frequency switch did not help WGRL's ratings, as it experienced a substantial ratings drop once "The Bear" moved to 93.9. As a result, the station became more music-intensive and several disc jockeys were let go. By 2001, WGRL simulcast WFMS in morning drive time while Donnie Claw, the lone survivor from the 104.5 days, hosted the afternoon drive shift. The end of The Bear came in November 2001, when the format was dropped for Christmas music as "93.9 The Christmas Channel."

Retro 93.9 (2001–2006)
On December 25, 2001, 93.9 flipped to an 80s hits format as "Retro 93.9." The format lasted until July 9, 2004, when – following a five-day stunt of TV themes as "TV 93.9" – the station flipped to Contemporary Christian as "93.9 The Song." The call sign was also changed at this time to WISG. "The Song" lasted for a couple of years and saw modest success.
A month after the format change, in August 2004, WISG changed its city of license from Fishers to Lawrence, relocated its transmitter from Noblesville to east Indianapolis, and upgraded its power from 2,950 watts to 6,900 watts to provide better coverage of the Indianapolis radio market (it later upgraded to 8,400 watts in 2011).

FM Talk 93.9 (2006–2008)
On December 26, 2006, "The Song" was moved to 93.9's HD2 channel while a new talk format, known as "FM Talk 93.9," moved to the main channel. The station's call letters were changed to WWFT.WWFT aired mostly nationally syndicated programming, featuring Mancow, Sean Hannity, Dave Ramsey, and others until November 16, 2007, when programming was replaced with the return of "93.9 The Christmas Channel." At Noon on Christmas Day, WWFT dropped Christmas music and stunted again, repeating the tracks "Lonesome Road" by Dean Elliot & His Big Band and "Swans Splashdown" by Jean-Jacques Perrey.

Warm 93.9/i94 (2008–2015)
A new format, soft adult contemporary "Warm 93.9," debuted at 9:39 a.m. on January 2, 2008, with a commitment to play 93 hours of commercial-free music during its first week. The first song played on "Warm 93.9" was The Police's "Every Breath You Take". On March 3, 2008, WWFT changed call letters to WRWM. The program director and morning drive host was Fritz Moser. During the Warm era, "The Song" returned to the main station for six hours on Sunday mornings.
At 12:01 a.m. on July 2, 2009, the station dropped the 18-month-old Soft AC format; the station had finished 21st in the most recent Arbitron ratings and never mounted a serious challenge to main rival WYXB. The last song on "Warm" was The Beach Boys' "Kokomo". Afterwards, the station began stunting again, this time with construction sounds. At 9:40 a.m. on July 3, 2009, the station flipped to Top 40/CHR as "Indy's Hit Music Station, i94" and launched with 940 songs commercial-free. The format change marks the frequency's sixth new format since 2001. i94's first song was The Black Eyed Peas' "Boom Boom Pow".In July 2011, the station adjusted its daytime format to hot adult contemporary, while remaining CHR at night. This did not attract many listeners, with i94 losing the ratings battle against WNOW-FM and WZPL, along with WNTR when that station flipped to Hot AC in May 2013.

93.9 The Beat (2015–2017)
On December 19, 2014, at 3 p.m., after promoting a "major announcement about i94," WRWM began airing a "Classic Hip-Hop Holiday Weekend", forcing rival WHHH to do the same. Unlike WHHH, however, WRWM announced the following Monday that it would switch to the format full-time, keeping the "i94" name but running jockless. On January 26, 2015, at 9:39 a.m., the station re-branded as "93.9 The Beat", with no change in format.The flip increased ratings dramatically, going from 15th to first place in the ratings in Indianapolis with a 7.7 share. However, this ratings surge was short-lived, as the station eventually fell back towards a 2.7 share by October 2017. WRWM's initial success served as the basis of Westwood One's "Classic Hip-Hop," a satellite-delivered format that was launched May 22, 2015. Westwood One is co-owned with WRWM.

Energy 93.9 (2017–2019)
On November 17, 2017, at 5:30 p.m., after playing "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye" by Boyz II Men, and a 10-minute farewell montage and brief teasers for random new formats, WRWM began stunting with Christmas music again, this time as "93.9 North Pole Radio." The station also began to post teasers on its Facebook page themed around the letter "E", and promoted that "E-Day" would occur at 9:39 a.m. on December 26. At that time, the station changed its call letters to WYRG, and returned to CHR as "Energy 93.9," launching with "...Ready for It?" by Taylor Swift.

93.9X (2019–present)
The future of Energy came in doubt in February 2019, with Cumulus acquiring then-rival Top 40 (CHR) outlet WZPL as part of a multi-station trade with Entercom, rendering Energy's format as redundant. Those doubts would be verified that May, as the sale closed, and WYRG began running liners advising that Energy would soon be "turned off" and redirecting listeners to WZPL.
On May 24, 2019, at Noon, after playing "Bye Bye Bye" by *Nsync, Cumulus flipped WYRG to an active rock format as "93.9X". The station changed its call sign to WNDX on May 28, 2019. The first song on "93.9X" was "Enter Sandman" by Metallica, which began a commercial-free Memorial Day weekend to launch the format.
The station now competes with iHeartMedia’s combo of classic rock WFBQ and alternative rock WOLT. Derrek Madden, the program director of co-owned mainstream rock station KXXR Minneapolis, assisted with setting up WNDX with a similar format for the Indianapolis market.

References
External links
Official website 

WNDX in the FCC FM station database
WNDX on Radio-Locator
WNDX in Nielsen Audio's FM station databaseWarren National Park is a national park in the South West region of Western Australia, 287 km (178 mi) south of Perth and 15 km (9.3 mi) south of Pemberton.
The park is dominated by old growth karri trees, some of which are almost 90 m (300 ft) in height. Some of these trees were used to act as fire lookout towers built during the 1930s and 1940s. The 75 m (246 ft) Dave Evans Bicentennial Tree is situated within the park and was pegged in 1988 as part of Australia's bicentennial celebrations. This is one of three trees found around Pemberton that tourists are able to climb.The Warren River flows through the park along with many smaller creeks and gullies. The river is plentiful in trout and marron which can be caught in season.

See also
Protected areas of Western Australia


Xinzhen (simplified Chinese: 新镇; traditional Chinese: 新鎮; pinyin: Xīnzhèn; lit. 'new town') is a town in Xun County in northern Henan province, China, located around 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of county seat and 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-southeast of downtown Hebi. As of 2011, it has 50 villages under its administration.

See also
List of township-level divisions of Henan


Born in 1890, Oskar Walleck was a native of Brno.
The actor and director joined the NSDAP and the SS in 1932.
In 1934/35, he came to Munich, where he was appointed Generalintendant of the Bayerisches Staatstheater. As such, he also controlled all other Bavarian theaters.
In 1939, Walleck became Generalintendant in Prague.
To stage Rüdiger von Bechelaren, a play by Hans Baumann, Walleck traveled to Passau in 1940.


Essex Aluminum Plant is a former Ford Motor Company metal casting plant in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.  It opened in 1981, and produced aluminum cylinder heads and pistons for various Ford engine plants.  In 2001, the plant was sold to Nemak, a joint venture between Ford and Mexican industrial conglomerate Alfa. With Nemak's consolidation of its operations in 2009, the plant was closed except for the melting operation, which closed in 2012.

See also
List of Ford factories


Veerle Casteleyn (born 6 March 1978, in Belgium) is a Belgian musical theatre performer and ballerina.

Biography
Casteleyn trained at the De Koninklijke Balletschool van Antwerpen in Belgium, and during her training, she was in various plays such as:

Joint Venture
Initiate
Fanfare
The Three Musketeers (short piece)
Self MadeAfter leaving school, she performed in various shows in Belgium such as:

Annie
The Sound of Music
Cats
The Sound of Music (revival)In 1997, Casteleyn moved to London to play the role of Jemima in the 1998 video production of Cats. After the video, she took on several roles apart of the swing in the West End's production of Cats. Soon after, she started to perform as Jemima on a regular basis; she also understudied the roles of Victoria and Rumpleteazer. After Cats, she joined the UK tour of Carousel as Louise. After the tour was over, Casteleyn went back to her homeland of Belgium and performed as Fredrika in the European tour of A Little Night Music.
In 2002, Casteleyn landed the role of Julia in the Belgian production of the French hit, “Roméo et Juliette: de la Haine à l’Amour” (appropriately renamed “Romeo en Julia: van Haat tot Liefde") It was her first lead role and her first time releasing a CD with her voice on it.
After "Romeo en Julia", Casteleyn starred as Chava in the Straight From the Heart production of Fiddler on the Roof. After a short hiatus, she moved on to television, becoming a cast member on the Belgian TV show De Wet volgens Milo as Sonja, an intern at a law firm. At the end of 2005, she took part in the Belgian version of the Czech musical Dracula, as a part of the ensemble.
In 2006, Casteleyn was a part of the ensemble in the Antwerp production of the ABBA song-inspired musical Mamma Mia!. On 9 August, she began rehearsals for the new Dutch production of Cats, in which she was a swing member (1st cover for Electra, 1st cover for Sylvani aka Jemima, and 2nd cover for Victoria). She took over the role of Jemima full-time in the summer of 2007. Cats premiered in Rotterdam in October, and toured the Netherlands until October 2007.
In 2010, she was part of the ensemble in the Belgian production of Oliver!.
After Oliver! she started rehearsals for the Musical Droomvlucht, which had World-Premiere on the 09.10.2011. She currently works as a dance teacher in Sint-Niklaas.

Stage credits
Annie (Belgium)
The Sound of Music (as Liesl, Belgium)
Cats (as Sylvani, Antwerp)
Cats (as Jemima/Victoria/Rumpleteazer/Swing, London)
Carousel (as Louise, UK National Tour)
A Little Night Music (as Fredrika, European Tour)
Romeo en Julia: van Haat tot Liefde (as Julia, Belgium)
Fiddler on the Roof (as Chava, Belgium)
Alleen op de Wereld (as Adult Remi, European Tour)
Dracula (Ensemble, Belgium)
Mamma Mia! (Ensemble, Belgium)
Cats (as Electra, European Tour)
Les Misérables(Ensemble, The Netherlands)
Droomvlucht (Ensemble)

Video credits
Cats (TV direct-to-video, as Jemima)
Dracula (ensemble)

Television credits
Flikken (Elke De Brock) [Season 5, Episode 6: Sporen]
De Wet volgens Milo (Sonja)

References
External links
Veerle Casteleyn at IMDb
Van Bedts, Raf (25 September 2002). "Romeo & (stand in) Julia: van haat tot liefde" (in Dutch). Retrieved 15 October 2010.
Veerle Casteleyn on InstagramMurray Hill Incorporated was the first ever corporation to run for the United States Congress following the decision in Citizens United v. FEC that ruled that corporations are people according to the U.S. Constitution.

References
External links
Campaign web siteSteve Sandor (October 27, 1937–April 5, 2017) was an actor who made his first television appearance on Star Trek, playing Lars in the second season episode "The Gamesters of Triskelion".Before becoming an actor, Sandor grew up in the Greenfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. Employed as a steel worker before his acting career, he also used to train sentry dogs while serving as an Air Police Officer in the U.S. Air Force.Having appeared in many television shows such as Gunsmoke, Ironside, The Streets of San Francisco, Starsky and Hutch, CHiPs, Charlie's Angels, Fantasy Island, Three's Company, The A-Team, Knight Rider, and Hardcastle and McCormick, he is perhaps best known for his role as the ill-fated biker gang leader Stanley in the 1980 cult film The Ninth Configuration, and as the voice of the heroic Darkwolf in the 1983 animated fantasy film Fire and Ice.
Sandor also had supporting roles in the 1967 western Rough Night in Jericho, the 1968 crime drama If He Hollers, Let Him Go!, the 1969 World War II classic The Bridge at Remagen, the 1969 outlaw biker film Hell's Angels '69, the 1971 western One More Train to Rob, the 1973 crime drama Bonnie's Kids, the 1973 Vietnam film The No Mercy Man, a semi-regular role on the short-lived TV series The Yellow Rose, and the title role in the 1983 science fiction film Stryker. Sandor was also part of the extensive cast of the epic 1978 TV mini-series Centennial. He was also cast in the 1988 IMAX film Alamo: The Price of Freedom as the legendary Jim Bowie.

Filmography
References
External links
Steve Sandor at IMDbPolypodium cambricum, the southern polypody, limestone polypiody, or Welsh polypody, is a species of fern in the family Polypodiaceae, native to southern and western Europe where it grows on shady rocks, near the coasts of the Mediterranean Basin and in the mountains of Atlantic Europe. It is a spreading, terrestrial, deciduous fern growing to 60 centimetres (24 in) tall, with pinnate fronds. The sori are yellow in winter.

Description
Perennial. Rhizome elongate, often above ground, densely covered with rusty scales. Fronds distich, 5–30 centimetres (2.0–11.8 in), glabrous, deltoid in outline; petiole yellowish green, shorter than the pinnatipartite limb. Segments 5-28 on each side; margin dentate, marked with a strong midrib. Sori round, 2–4 millimetres (0.079–0.157 in) in diameter, orange-yellow, arranged on each side of the midrib of segments. The fruits bloom from February to July.

Name
This species has been widely known by the more apt name P. australe Fée. However, since Linnaeus did mention the species, albeit in the aberrant cambricum-form, that name must have priority.

Etymology
Polypodium is derived from the Greek Polus, many, and podion, small foot, since the rhizome bears numerous roots. 
The specific epithet cambricum means "Welsh", from the Latinized form of Cymru, the Welsh name for Wales. 
Australe comes from the Latin auter, wind of the south, for in Europe, this species grows largely in the Mediterranean Basin.

Cultivation
Two cultivars have received the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:

'Cambricum' 
'Grandiceps Fox' (Cristatum Group)


Pantokrator is a Swedish Christian metal band that was formed in 1996. The band's name means "Lord Almighty" in Ancient Greek. Several members have been in Crimson Moonlight and Sanctifica.

Background
Pantokrator was formed in fall 1996 as a cover band. The band then decided to play songs written by themselves. It has had six members overall: Jonas Wallinder (bass guitar), Rickard Gustafsson (drums), Karl Walfridsson (vocals) and  Matthias Johansson, and Johnathan Jansson (guitars). Pantokrator released two demos within their first three years of existence, followed by several EPs and compilations of material they had accumulated until they officially released their debut album, Blod, which was released via Rivel Records on March 14, 2003. At that point, the band members had been together without losing a member for six years, only adding guitarist Jonathan Jansson in 2003. After four years of silence, the band released a single titled "Leviathan", a compilation titled A Decade of Thoughts, and their sophomore album, Aurum. Aurum, which was released on June 20, 2007, came out via Whirlwind Records, a label that had housed such bands like Kekal, Sacrificium, and Lengsel.Another silence embarked, until 2010, when a single was released. However, instead of following it up with more material, the band waited until 2014 to release new material. Incarnate came out on January 21, 2014, via Rottweiler Records, home to Soul Embraced, Immortal Souls, and Grave Robber. The band would consistently release material over the next six years, until they released their fourth album, Marching Out of Babylon, released through Nordic Mission. The album was written around the visions of John the Apostle and the "Visions of Nicholas Farel 1914", from the Ordo Aurum: The Golden Order of the Almighty. The album's lead single was titled "We the People", which possessed very politically charged lyrics and imagery in the video, which led to people accusing them of being fascists. Over the years, they had similarly been accused of being illuminati and fundamentalists for some of the themes they incorporated. The point of the track was not necessarily to be pro-America, but to point back to Christianity's core beliefs, which the band has focused on throughout their career. In 2021, Pantokrator was listed as one of five death metal bands to look out for, alongside In-Conquered, Mangled Carpenter, Incarnate Deity, and Symphony of Heaven, the latter being a band that Walfridsson had done guest vocals for.

Style
Pantokrator's common genre has been death metal. In a review of Pantokrator and Sanctifica's split EP, the band's style was described as "Crunchy death metal". The full review stated, "A classic brutal release with two great bands. Sanctifica plays Symphonic Black Metal & Pantokrator plays Crunchy Death Metal. Really cool stuff that shouldn't be miss if you are into brutal metal." Another review described them as Brutal, Doomy Death Metal. Art For The Ears webzine, reviewing the band's album Aurum, said, "It's always pleasant to hear a band making progression. Aurum is the second full-length studio-album from the Swedish death metal band Pantokrator. On Aurum they've abandoned the Swedish lyrics they wrote for Blod. Now all songs are in English and the growls are quite easy to understand. This can't be said of the printing in the booklet. They are almost impossible to read as the texts have almost the same color as the backgrounds. But the music makes up for the lack of care for the booklet (the cover is also one of the dullest I've ever seen). What is immediately clear after I popped this disc into the player, is that the band has progressed. The songs are more mature and the sound quality is very good. Most of the songs are uptempo. A few are slower, more depressive and doomy (like the excellent "Thy Feeble Flame"). Pantokrator is not a band with lots of guitar solos, but the solo in "Where Lilith Found Her Peace" is really tasty. What I miss on this album, is the violin playing that Blod had. Nonetheless, Pantokrator has moved forward and the result is a very nice piece of melodic death metal."

Members
Current membersJonas Wallinder - bass guitar (1997-present)
Rickard Gustafsson - drums (ex-Golden Resurrection) (1997-present)
Mattias Johansson - guitar (1996-present)
Karl Walfridsson - vocals (1996-present)
Jonathan "Steele" Jansson - guitar, backing vocals (Crimson Moonlight, ex-Sanctifica) (2003–present)Current live memberJohan Ylendatrand - bass guitar (2013–present) (Crimson Moonlight)Former live memberLinus Pilebrand - bass guitar (2011)

Discography
DemosAncient Paths - Unclean Plants (1997)
Even Unto the Ends of the Earth (1998)EPsAllhärskare (2000)
Songs of Solomon (2001)SplitsIn the Bleak Midwinter/Songs of Solomon (2001; Split with  Sanctifica)Studio AlbumsBlod (2003)
Aurum (2007)
Incarnate (2014)
Marching Out of Babylon (2021)Compilations1997-2000 (2001)
A Decade of Thoughts 1996–2006 (2007)
Sands of Time (2014)Compilation appearancesArachnid Terror Sampler (2002; Tarantula)
Christian Deathcore: Volume 3 (2014)
Christian Deathcore: Volume 4 (2015)
The Pack Vol. 1 (2016; Rottweiler)
Kill the Ill (2017; Various)
Metal from the Dragon (Vol. 2) (2017; The Bearded Dragon Productions)Singles"Leviathan" (2007)
"The Initiation" (2010)
"Awesome God" (2016)
"Crossroads" (2020)
"We the People" (2021)

References
External links
Official FacebookThe National Narcotics Control Board is the highest-level government body responsible for formulating a drug policy in Bangladesh.

History
The National Narcotics Control Board was formed through the passage of the Narcotics Control Act in 1990. The board is headed by the Minister of Home Affairs and falls under the Ministry of Home Affairs. The board has been described as ineffective by The Daily Star. The board was designed to provide policy guidelines to the Department of Narcotics Control.


Hound-Dog Man is a 1959 film directed by Don Siegel, based on the 1947 novel by Fred Gipson, and starring Fabian, Carol Lynley, and Stuart Whitman.

Plot
In 1912, Clint McKinney and his younger brother Spud talk their father Aaron into letting them go on a hunting trip with their older friend, the womanizing Blackie Scantling. Aaron agrees despite the reluctance of his wife Cora.

Cast
Fabian as Clint McKinney
Stuart Whitman as Blackie Scantling
Carol Lynley as Dony Wallace
Arthur O'Connell as Aaron McKinney
Dodie Stevens as Nita Stringer
Betty Field as Cora McKinney
Royal Dano as Fiddling Tom Waller
Margo Moore as Susie Bell Payson
Claude Akins as Hog Peyson
Edgar Buchanan as Doc Cole
Jane Darwell as Grandma Wilson
L.Q. Jones as Dave Wilson
Virginia Gregg as Amy Waller
Dennis Holmes as Spud McKinney
Rachel Stephens as Rachel WilsonAs of December 18, 2020, only one of the three principal players, Fabian, is still alive.

Original novel
The original book was published in 1949, seven years before Gipson's better known Old Yeller (1956).Gipson said when he started writing he intended it to be "a short semi fact article for a men's magazine" but that it "just grew and grew. I was writing about real people straight out of my childhood and I couldn't seem to get them stopped and finally wound up with a complete novel." He started it in 1944, put it aside, and returned to it in 1946. It was originally called Clipped Wings. It was finished in 1947 and published in 1949. The book sold well and was published in a number of languages.Gipson said reaction to the novel "was sometimes gratifying and sometimes bewilderingly unpleasant... It was just a book of little boys on a coon hunt."It would remain Gipson's favorite book among his own works. He tried to write a sequel but was unable to finish it.Don Siegel, who directed the film, called it "a delightful, funny book... I loved its simplicity."

Production
Development
In 1952 Ida Lupino expressed interest in obtaining the film rights, as a possible vehicle for Robert Mitchum.In 1955 Filmmakers Inc announced they would make the film along with an adaptation of The Quick and the Dead.20th Century Fox bought the film rights in March 1958 following the success of the film of Old Yeller. It was assigned to prolific producer Jerry Wald who hired director Don Siegel. Siegel later wrote "I had never done a picture in this genre. It was a elcome change of pace to directed a film that children could go see. I wish I could do more. My reputation may be as a director of violence.... but that doesn't mean I can't, or don't want to do comedy, or love stories. My favourite picture is Brief Encounter."Gipson was signed to write the script. According to his biographer "changes in the story of Blackie Scanlon incite Gipson to uncontrollable rages and Tommie Gipson [his wife] arbitrates all further revisions." (The author would later be given shock treatment for depression and imprisoned for assault.)

Casting
Ricky Nelson, Lyndsay Crosby, and David Ladd were mentioned early on as possible stars, along with Stuart Whitman, who did wind up playing the title role. Tuesday Weld was at one stage mentioned as a possible female lead. Whitman was cast in March 1959.The movie eventually became a starring vehicle for Fabian, who had released a series of hit singles. 20th Century Fox had enjoyed success launching pop stars Elvis Presley and Pat Boone into film careers and thought they could do the same with Fabian. He was paid $35,000 for ten weeks work.Siegel said Wald wanted Fabian to "sing at least twelve songs in the picture. Fabian, though one of the nicest kids I ever mat, couldn't sing and knew it... I wanted to make Fred Gipson's excellent novel into a film which didn't feature any songs. Wald turned me down flat."Wald tried to get Jayne Mansfield to play the part of a blousy barmaid but was unsuccessful.Dodie Stevens was cast because Wald's teenage sons liked her song "Pink Shoe Laces".

Shooting
Filming started July 27, 1959 and took place through August and September.Siegel said he "decided to have as much fun with the picture as possible. All but one of Fabian's songs were interrupted abruptly." This happens four times in the movie.LQ Jones later recalled that Fabian "was not that talented as an actor, but he worked hard and was just a nice person." Siegel wrote that "Wald seemed puzzled at how easily the picture went together."

Songs
The movie featured the following songs:

"Hound Dog Man" (by Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman) performed by Fabian
"I'm Growin' Up" (by Robert P. Marcucci and Peter De Angelis) performed by Fabian and Dennis Holmes, while Stuart Whitman whistles
"Single" (by Robert P. Marcucci and Peter De Angelis) performed by Fabian, Whitman and Dennis Holmes
"This Friendly World" (by Robert P. Marcucci and Peter De Angelis) performed by Fabian
"Pretty Little Girl" (by Robert P. Marcucci and Peter De Angelis) performed by Fabian and men's chorus at the barn dance
"What Big Boy" (by Sol Ponti and Frankie Avalon) performed by Dodie Stevens
"Hay Foot, Straw-Foot" (by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman) performed by square dance caller Fenton JonesAnother song was cut from the film - "Got the Feeling" (by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman) sung by Fabian.
"Hound Dog Man" was a hit single, reaching number 9 on the US charts. "This Friendly World" reached number 12.

Reception
The film had its world premiere in Monroe, Louisiana, on 27 October 1959.

Box Office
The film was not a commercial success, failing to make the Variety list of films that earned $1 million or more in rentals for 1959.Fox executives later put this down to public rejection of Fabian, in particular the fact that his fans were very young and not ticket-buying teenagers.

Critical
According to one review it was a "slice-of-life, coming-of-age piece – a little hunting, some singing, Claude Akins pops around periodically to snarl at Whitman, Lynley pants over Whitman as does Akins’ wife. There’s a comic doctor, a dog, a barn dance. It’s actually a sweet film – well made, with great production values, and a very strong cast."Siegel said "it's difficult to get over in a precis the fun, the beauty, the splendid acting, the wondrous feeling of robust freedom in Hound Dog Man" calling Whitman "a brilliant actor." However he also added "Sam Peckinpah wanted to do a picture based strictly on the book. I'm sorry he didn't do it. He would have done it the way it should have been made - small."However, Fox later found Fabian could be effective in supporting roles of major stars for the studios, such as John Wayne in North to Alaska and Bing Crosby in High Time.
Fabian later reflected in 1971 that he thought the title was to blame for the film's poor box office reception. "It was a good story with a great cast... but "Hound Dog Man"?"

References
Sources
Lich, Glen E. (1990). Fred Gipson at work. Texas A & M University Press.
Siegel, Don (1993). A Siegel Film: An Autobiography. Faber and Faber.

External links
Hound-Dog Man at IMDb
Hound Dog Man at TCMDB
Review of film at New York Times
Complete novel at Internet ArchiveClivina frenchi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1898.


The Gardelegi dump is the municipal dump of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the Spanish province of Álava. It is located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of the capital. It is as large as 52 football pitches and it stores the non-degradable materials of the area. It is named for the nearby village of Gardelegi.

History
The Gardelegi dump opened in 1973. Initially, it was used by construction companies. In 1986, Gardelegi dump was declared the municipal dump of Vitoria-Gasteiz. The Onandia Company fenced the area and constructed a building to control the scraps.
The dump was improved over the years, but the most important work was done in 2003: the dump was expanded and a recycling plant was incorporated. The equipment for the plant, the biggest in Spain, cost more than seven million euros; it recycles rubbish before taking the remainder to the Gardelegi dump.
In 2011 Gasteiz mayor Patxi Lazcoz expanded Gardlegi dump again: the buildings were improved and the dump adopted new methods for security and protection of the environment. The upgrade cost more than five million euros.

Activity of the dump
The Gardelegi dump and la Avenida de los Huetos are the biggest dumps of Álava. In 2010, the dumps received more than 2,200 tonnes (2,400 short tons) of waste during the year, 150 tonnes (170 short tons) more than in 2009. The dumps collect all types of materials, from rubble and metals to brown and white goods, but the most common material is wood: in both dumps, half of their space is full of wood.

Social situation
Since the Gardelegi dump was built, opponents have criticized it for causing health problems, excessive cost and ecological damage. Some residents from Vitoria-Gasteiz have asked for the closure of the place.

See also
Jundiz recycling plant
Green capital award 2012

External links
Website of the city council of Vitoria-Gasteiz 
"El Diario Vasco – Ampliacion de Gardelegi"
"EL Correo – Insaciable Gardelegi"David Alan Campbell (born September 3, 1951) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Campbell pitched two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves in 1977 and 1978. He appeared in 118 games, all but 14 in relief.
Campbell was signed by the Braves as an amateur free agent in 1974. After two and a half seasons in the minor leagues, Campbell made his major league debut on May 1, 1977 against the Chicago Cubs. He would go on to finish 10th in the National League in saves that year with 13.
In 1978, Campbell finished more games than the previous season, but had just 1 save, and his ERA jumped from 3.05 to 4.80. Also, control proved to be a problem, as he issued 49 walks in 69.1 innings.
The following spring, he was traded to the Montreal Expos for infielder Pepe Frías. He pitched the next three seasons for their top farm club, the Denver Bears, but never returned to the major leagues.

References
External links
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or Baseball Reference, or Baseball Reference (Minors), or Retrosheet
Pura PelotaEast to Wes is a studio album by jazz guitarist Emily Remler. She was accompanied by pianist Hank Jones, who had played on Firefly (1981) her first record,  bassist Buster Williams, and drummer Marvin "Smitty" Smith.
This recording was Remler's tribute to Wes Montgomery. For the liner notes, Nat Hentoff wrote that Remler said about her composition "East to Wes" that it was an "impression of the earlier bossa nova stuff he did. Wes was one of the greater improvisers I ever heard. His feeling was happy, his soul was beautiful."

Reception
For Allmusic reviewer Ken Dryden this is a highly recommended recording, considering that "The late guitarist's last CD to be released before her premature death is her finest effort".In the 7th edition of the Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD, Richard Cook and Brian Morton wrote: "While conceived as a Montgomery homage, Remler's playing actually shows how unlike Wes she really was: harder of tone, her solos more fragmented yet equally lucid."

Track listing
Personnel
Emily Remler – electric guitar (all tracks), Ovation Adamas acoustic guitar (on track#2)
Hank Jones – piano
Buster Williams – bass
Marvin Smith – drums


Pallikaranai wetland is a freshwater marsh in the city of Chennai, India. It is situated adjacent to the Bay of Bengal, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the city centre, and has a geographical area of 80 square kilometres (31 sq mi). Pallikaranai marshland is the only surviving wetland ecosystem of the city and is among the few and last remaining natural wetlands of South India. It is one of the 94 identified wetlands under National Wetland Conservation and Management Programme (NWCMP) operationalised by the Government of India in 1985–86 and one of the three in the state of Tamil Nadu, the other two being Point Calimere and Kazhuveli. It is also one of the prioritised wetlands of Tamil Nadu. The topography of the swamp is such that it always retains some storage, thus forming an aquatic ecosystem. A project on 'Inland Wetlands of India' commissioned by the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India had prioritised Pallikaranai marsh as one of the most significant wetlands of the country. The marsh contains several rare or endangered and threatened species and acts as a forage and breeding ground for thousands of migratory birds from various places within and outside the country. The number of bird species sighted in the wetland is significantly higher than the number at Vedanthangal Bird Sanctuary.Indiscriminate dumping of toxic solid waste along the road, discharge of sewage, and construction of buildings, railway stations and a new road to connect Old Mahabhalipuram Road and Pallavaram have shrunk the wetland to a great extent. In 2007, as an effort to protect the remaining wetland from shrinking further, the undeveloped areas in the region were notified as a reserve forest. A 2018 study showed that about 60 percent of the native species in the wetland, including hoorahgrass (Fimbristylis), dwarf copperleaf or Ponnanganni keerai (Alternanthera sessilis), floating lace plant or kottikizhangu (Aponogeton natans), wild paddy (Oryza rufipogon), crested floating heart (Nymphoides), and nut grass (Cyperus), have been replaced by invasive species.

Location and ecology
The marshland is located along the Coromandel Coast south of the Adyar Estuary, serving as an aquatic buffer of the flood-prone Chennai and Chengalpattu districts. It is surrounded by the expressway of Old Mahabalipuram Road and the residential areas of Perungudi, Siruseri, Pallikaranai, Madipakkam, Velachery and Taramani. An extensive low-lying area covered by a mosaic of aquatic grass species, scrub, marsh, and water-logged depressions, it is connected to 31 different water bodies, all of which release surplus water into the marsh during the monsoons. It has a catchment of 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi) that includes the urban sprawls of Velachery, Pallikaranai and Navalur. The terrain of the area is generally plain with an average altitude of about 5 metres (16 ft) above mean sea level. It receives an annual rainfall of 1,300 millimetres (51 in), mostly during the northeast monsoon (September–November), but also during the southwest monsoon (June–August). Temperature ranges from 35 to 42 °C (95 to 108 °F) during the summer, and from 25 to 34 °C (77 to 93 °F) in the winter. A large part of the southern region of Chennai was historically a flood plain as evidenced by the soil type of the region, which is described as recent alluvium and granite gneiss. The entire landscape comprises a coastal plain with intermittent and overlapping habitat types of cultivated land, wetlands and scrub forests. The wetlands comprises a large marsh (the Pallikaranai marsh), smaller satellite wetlands, large tracts of pastureland and patches of dry forests. The marsh has been cut into two for a road with no free flow underneath. Spread over 50 square kilometres (19 sq mi) at the time of Independence in the 1940s, about 90% of the wetland was lost as the city expanded and it continued shrinking at an alarming rate. The marshland has shrunk over the last four decades following the creation of residential areas around it, including Perungudi, Siruseri, Pallikaranai, Madipakkam, Taramani and Velachery. Nearly a decade ago, about 120 species of birds were sighted at the marsh. However, their population has sharply decreased now due to various ecological disturbances in the region. The original expanse of the marsh in 1965 was about 5,500 hectares (14,000 acres). The expanse estimated on the basis of the Survey of India toposheet of 1972 and aerial photographs (Corona) of 1965 was about 900 hectares (2,200 acres), which has shrunk to about 600 hectares (1,500 acres). As of 2021, the marsh extends up to Sholinganallur Road, covering an area of 695.85 hectares.

Excess rainwater is drained into the sea through a channel called the Oggiyam Madavu, a contiguous portion of the marsh at Oggiyam Thorapakkam draining into the Buckingham Canal, which in turn discharges into the Kovalam estuary. Locally known as Kazhiveli (a generic Tamil name for marshes and swamps), the marsh drained about 250 square kilometres (97 sq mi), through two outlets, namely, the Okkiyam Madavu and the Kovalam creek. Remnant forests can be observed within the Theosophical Society campus, Guindy National Park–IIT complex and the Nanmangalam Reserve Forest.

The heterogeneous ecosystem of the marshland supports about 337 species of floras and faunas. Of the faunal groups, birds, fishes and reptiles are the most prominent. Pallikaranai marsh is home to 115 species of birds, 10 species of mammals, 21 species of reptiles, 10 species of amphibians, 46 species of fishes, 9 species of molluscans, 5 species of crustaceans, and 7 species of butterflies. About 114 species of plants are found in the wetland including 29 species of grass. These plant species include some exotic floating vegetation such as water hyacinth and water lettuce, which are less extensive now and highly localised. The region has a bird bio-diversity about 4 times that of Vedanthangal. It is also home to some of the most endangered reptiles such as the Russell's viper and birds such as the glossy ibis, grey-headed lapwings and pheasant-tailed jacana. Cormorants, darters, herons, egrets, open-billed storks, spoonbills, white ibis, little grebe, Indian moorhen, black-winged stilts, purple moorhens, warblers, coots and dabchicks have been spotted in large numbers in the marshland. The marsh has also had the distinction of new records of reptiles and plants being described, on a rather regular basis since 2002.Another rare species spotted in the region is the white-spotted garden skink having appeared for the first time in Tamil Nadu. Fish such as dwarf gourami and chromides that are widely bred and traded worldwide for aquaria, naturally occur in Pallikaranai. Other estuarine fauna present at the marsh includes the windowpane oyster, mud crab, mullet, halfbeak and green chromide.

Encroachments and pollution
The external manipulation of the wetland system began in 1806 with the construction of the 422-kilometre (262 mi) Buckingham Canal. The marshland experienced several major construction activities, ranging from the National Institute of Ocean Technology, the Centre of Wind Energy Technology, Chennai's Mass Rapid Transport System, and flyovers to construction of buildings for educational institutions, IT parks, restaurants, shopping malls, and hospitals, which affected free flow of water. The land occupied by the corporation is 200 acres (81 ha), including 30 acres (12 ha) where a waste management plant is planned. The locals started using the stagnant water in this part of the marsh as a bathing ghat and as a grazing ground for their cattle.

The existing sewage treatment and disposal facility for south Chennai is located on the immediate periphery and within the marshland. A large-scale sewage treatment facility of the Alandur municipality is also located on the premises.
About 32 million litres (8,500,000 US gal) of untreated sewage was being released every day at Thorapakkam by Metrowater, which contaminated water quality. In addition, garbage collected from the city was dumped close to the sewage-letting point.
The marshland also houses one of Chennai's largest official dump sites. Over 250 acres (100 ha) of the marsh is choked by half of the city's garbage. The Chennai Corporation dumps 2,000 tonnes (2,200 short tons) of waste into the marsh daily. This has resulted in leaching of heavy metals in the marsh, including chromium, lead, iron, manganese, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc and cadmium from the 172-hectare Perungudi dumpyard developed by the city corporation. Chromium content in the ground water, for instance, has been found to be varying between 1.43 mg/L and 2.8 mg/L during the dry and wet seasons, which makes the water unsuitable for drinking, agriculture and discharge into inland surface water.Despite several court rulings, burning of garbage continued unabated at the marsh and the adjacent area of Perungudi. All these led to a decrease in the estuarine fauna. Official statistics reveal that, in the absence of source segregation of waste, the dumpyard is eating into 4 hectares (9.9 acres) of marshland every year.
The dumpyard originally covered 19 acres (7.7 ha) in Sevaram village at Perungudi in 1970. By the mid-1980, the area was completely filled up and the corporation shifted to the present location in Pallikaranai. While the marsh which originally covered an area of 5,000 hectares (12,000 acres) had shrunk into 593 hectares (1,470 acres) by 2002, the corporation's dumpyard that covered 56 hectares (140 acres) in 2002 had expanded to 136 hectares (340 acres) in 2007 and is expanding constantly. Over 4,500 tonnes (5,000 short tons) of garbage are dumped daily in the marsh region from the southern part of the city. In addition, industrial waste is dumped in heaps along the water bodies.The SIPCOT Area Community Environmental Monitors group analysed an ambient air sample collected downwind of the garbage dump in Pallikaranai and found that it contained at least 27 chemicals, 15 of which greatly exceed health-based standards set by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. Three of the 27 chemicals are also known to cause cancer in humans and were found in quantities as high as 34,000 times above safe levels. A research by the Anna University revealed a large quantity of metallic sedimentation discharged from the Perungudi dumpyard being deposited in the marshland, affecting its biodiversity.

Conservation efforts
In 2002, the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board commissioned a study to find out the total area of the marsh and its habitat quality and suggested interventional methods. The survey revealed the presence of 275 species of flora and over 100 species of birds in the wetland. On 20 February 2003, the Kancheepuram district collector issued a gazette notification announcing that 548 hectares (1,350 acres) of the marsh area was classified as Protected Land. In late 2005, the government constituted a high-level committee to restore the ecosystem, and in the summer of 2006 the locals formed an environment committee to protect the wetland. In 2007, an eight-member team from Freiburg University in Germany conducted a study on the physical and social features of the marsh.As a first real effort to protect the wetland, the state declared 317 hectares (780 acres) of the marsh as a reserve forest on 9 April 2007 (Gazettee notification G.O.Ms.No.52, dated 9 April 2007) under the Forest (Conservation) Act of 1980 and brought under the jurisdiction of the District Forest Officer–Kanchipuram (Tambaram range), a separate range in Chengalpet Forest Division at Kancheepuram with headquarters at Pallikaranai. The Kancheepuram district authorities transferred the land to the forest department. However, researchers suggested that an additional 150 ha on both sides of the Thoraipakkam–Tambaram road bisecting the marsh be declared a reserve forest as birds, especially several varieties of ducks, came there for feeding. Named Pallikaranai Swamp Forest Block, it is the 17th reserve forest area in the Tambaram Range, whose reserve forest area goes up to 56.27 square kilometres (21.73 sq mi) with this addition.
The first scientific bird census in the state conducted in January 2010 revealed that birds still visit the marsh despite the non-stop dumping by the city corporation.

Anticipating the obstruction of the water flow from north to south by the growing garbage mounds, the government directed the civic body to transfer 150 hectares (370 acres) to the forest department. After this, the state government will acquire patches of land in the northern (adjacent to Velachery–Tambaram road) and southeastern parts of the marshland, measuring about 127 hectares (310 acres), to protect the ecosystem in its totality from becoming an open dumpyard. Save Pallikaranai, a campaign for protecting an ecologically sensitive environment despite urban pressures, has achieved significant success owing to people's participation, sustained media support and a responsive government.
There was a proposal to turn the Pallikaranai marsh into a wetland centre by networking with international agencies to attract funds for its protection and restoration.
In 2011, an adaptive management plan for the Pallikaranai marshland estimated at a cost of ₹ 150 million was prepared by Chennai-based NGO called Care Earth, an organisation working towards ecological conservation, which has been sent to the Union Ministry by the state department and is pending for approval. The plan recommends setting up digital boards, depictive murals, viewing decks and towers connected through walkways, aquaria, viewing telescopes, night-vision cameras and camera traps.The State Forest Department has prepared a comprehensive five-year plan to protect the marshland. Initially, desilting and dredging work at a cost of ₹ 10 million per year would be taken up. The plan also includes forming a bio-shield costing ₹ 1.087 million annually, removal of aquatic weeds at a cost of ₹ 2.5 million for 5 years, mound planting at a cost of ₹ 2.75 million for 3 years, linear planting along the boundary at a cost of ₹ 1.65 million and forming flood bund and trail paths at a cost of ₹ 34 million. Apart from this, the department is also considering allocation of ₹ 5 million for conducting research projects on the marshland, about ₹ 6 million towards a bird census, a 3-kilometre (1.9 mi) boardwalk path in a period of 3 years at a cost of ₹ 30 million, watchtowers at two places in a period of 2 years at a cost of ₹ 2 million, and a wetland centre at a cost of ₹ 4 million. In addition, there is a proposal for creating roadside parks, installing signage, and conducting awareness camps during the project implementation period at a cost of ₹ 4 million as part of the initiative.The State Forest Department has made the preliminary move to get the marshland declared as a Ramsar site by submitting a compliance report to the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands.

In 2010, steps were taken to facilitate birdwatching at the marsh. Fencing has been completed in the area for over half a kilometre along the marshland. The entire stretch of 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) would be provided with benches for the benefit of birdwatchers. The forest department is constructing a compound wall on the southern portion of the marsh covering a distance of 5 kilometres (3.1 mi). A 870-metre (2,850 ft) portion of the boundary wall has been completed on the Sholinganallur side of the Pallikaranai marsh to protect the wetland from encroachers.In September 2011, the civic body initiated the process of handing over the marshland following a request from the Forest Department. The Forest Department, which plans to undertake restoration of the eco-sensitive Pallikaranai marshland, will get 421 acres (170 ha) for the purpose from the Chennai Corporation. The area to be handed over is on the southern side of Radial Road near NIOT junction. The civic body is planning to use only around 200 acres (81 ha) elsewhere in the marshland for its solid waste management project in Perungudi.On 26 March 2012, the state government announced that the scheme of restoring and conserving the marshland would be implemented in the coming year with an outlay of ₹ 50 million. Setting up of a Pallikaranai Marsh Conservation Society has also been proposed.

In 2012, eco-restoration work began on about 100 acres of land near the southernmost point of the marshland. The completion of the eco-restoration project will take five years and cost about ₹ 150 million. A water course spread over two hectares is being spruced up. A bund for a distance of more than 3 km has been planned, in addition to an observation centre, an interpretation centre where photographs of birds that visit the marshland will be displayed, and planting of a few thousand saplings of arjuna (neer maththi), portia (poovarasan), bamboo (moongil) and rosewood (sisu).In March 2018, the state government announced that it would commence the eco-restoration of 695 hectares of the wetland under the National Adaptation Fund for Climate Change to be implemented over five years from 2018 to 2023 at a cost of ₹1656.8 million.

Ecological park
A 2.5-acre ecological park inside the Pallikaranai marsh was opened in December 2021 at a cost of ₹ 200 million. The park has a 2-km-long walking trail for bird watching and public green spaces enclosed within a 1,700-metre compound wall. The marshland consists of four watch towers. These are located on the Thoraippakkam–Pallavaram Radial Road, on the eastern side, and on the northern side of the marsh.

Incidents
On 19 March 2011, a fire started on a patch of land opposite Kamakshi Memorial Hospital around 4 pm local time and spread to 15 locations in the marsh. Patches measuring more than 10 acres (4.0 ha) of the protected 200-acre (81 ha) marshland were burnt in the fire lasting for about 5 hours. Several nesting migratory birds were feared killed in the incident.

See also
Ennore Creek
Birding in Chennai
Water management in Chennai

References
External links
Official website of the wetland
Nammapallikaranai.orgStraight Ahead! is an album by jazz pianist Junior Mance, recorded in 1964 and released on the Capitol label.

Reception
The Allmusic reviewer Dave Nathan stated: "Combining Mance's natural blues-inflected piano with a big horn sound is a true aural treat. The result is a musical conversation with each side taking turns playing on or over the melody line. ... Usually a large-ensemble format doesn't allow for much diversion from the charts. Here it's clear that the band stayed with the charts, but Mance was allowed a good deal of leeway in his playing. He could respond to the call of the band as he saw fit. The result is a dynamic session combining the best of a disciplined brass assembly with the unfettered play of a top jazz improvisor".

Track listing
"In a Mellow Tone" (Duke Ellington, Milt Gabler) - 2:28
"Hannah Strikes Again" (Hank Lentz) -1:45
"Li'l Darlin'" (Neal Hefti) - 4:52
"Diane" (Lew Pollack, Ernö Rapée) - 2:43
"Happy Time" (Junior Mance) - 2:35
"The Late, Late Show" (Roy Alfred, Murray Berlin) - 2:07
"Fine Brown Frame" (Guadalupe Cartiero, J. Mayo Williams) - 2:08
"Señor Mance" (Mance, Bob Bain) - 2:11
"Stompin' at the Savoy" (Benny Goodman, Chick Webb, Edgar Sampson, Andy Razaf) - 2:57
"Trouble in Mind" (Richard M. Jones) - 2:18
"The J. A. M. F." (Lentz) - 2:10

Personnel
Junior Mance - piano
John Audino, Pete Candoli, Don Fagerquist, Al Porcino, Ray Triscari - trumpet
Milt Bernhart, Vern Friley, Lew McCreary - trombone
George Roberts, Ken Shroyer - bass trombone
Bob Bain - guitar, musical director
Monty Budwig - bass
Shelly Manne - drums
Bob Bain, David Cavanaugh - arranger


Karim Benounes (born 9 February 1984) is an Algerian international footballer. He plays as a midfielder.

Career
Benounes was born in Lille, France. On 28 February 2010, he made his league debut for Hungarian team Vasas SC in a 3–2 loss to Nyíregyháza Spartacus.

References
External links
Karim Benounes at National-Football-Teams.comHansabank was a bank operating in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania owned by the FöreningsSparbanken/Swedbank, a Swedish bank. Following a decision taken by the Swedbank group on 15 September 2008, the Hansabank name was discontinued in 2009 with all operations rebranded under the Swedbank name.

Origins
The history of the Hansabank Group dates back to 1 July 1991 when Hansapank started operating as a branch of Tartu Kommertspank (Tartu Commercial Bank) in Estonia. Officially Hansapank launched independent operations on 10 January 1992. Hansabank was founded in Estonia by Hannes Tamjärv, Jüri Mõis, Rain Lõhmus and Heldur Meerits.

Expansion
The following year the bank set up its first subsidiary, AS Hansa Liising (Hansa Leasing), which focused on selling leasing products. In 1995 Hansabank also opened a branch in Riga, the capital of the neighbouring country Latvia and Hansa Liising's subsidiary, AS Hansa Leasing Latvia, was also launched. In 1996 Hansabank Group was formed and Hansabank's Latvian consumer banking was expanded through a merger with the German-Latvian Bank (Deutsche-Lettische Bank).
In 1996, Hansabank established its presence in the largest of the Baltic states, Lithuania. Differently from Estonia and Latvia, the first company set up there was Hansa Leasing Lithuania. In 1996 Hansabank Markets were created on the basis of bank's financial markets division; this unit dealt with financial markets of Baltic states. It was during this early period of rapid expansion that American investor and tycoon, Raymond Staples, became one of the first western investors to acquire a significant stake in the bank's now public shares. The year 1998 marks the period of mergers in the history of the bank. In April 1998, Hansabank merged with Eesti Hoiupank. In June 1998, the holding company of the Hansa Leasing Group, Hansa Capital, and Hoiupanga Liising (Hoiupank Leasing) signed a sales agreement. In September 1998, Hansabank Latvia and Hoiupank's Latvian subsidiary, Zemes Banka, signed a merger agreement.
The same year Swedish FöreningSparbanken (currently Swedbank) obtained over 50 per cent of Hansabank's shares through a share issue. In 2005 Swedbank made a buy-out offer to the minority shareholders and as of today Hansabank is a fully owned subsidiary of Swedbank Group.
In July 1999, Hansabank's Lithuanian subsidiary Hansabankas opened its doors to clients in Vilnius, adding commercial banking to the services provided by Hansabank Group in Lithuania.
On 10 March 2005 Hansabank successfully completed the acquisition of the Moscow-based OAO Kvest bank in Russia, which briefly operated under the Hansabank brand but has since been renamed Swedbank.

National names and rebranding as Swedbank
Hansabank operated under the names: Hansapank (in Estonia), Hansabanka (in Latvia), Hansabankas (in Lithuania) and Hansabank internationally.

Source: Hansabanka
Source: Hansabank Group
The Swedish banking group Swedbank obtained 50% of the group shares in 1998. It now owns 100% of Hansabank.
In the Baltic states, the main competitor of the Hansabank Group is the Swedish banking group SEB, which owns SEB Eesti Ühispank, SEB Unibanka and SEB Vilniaus bankas.
Following the decision to rebrand the bank under the Swedbank name, a number of branches were renamed as Swedbank. The legal name of the bank changed in spring 2009, while the whole process of the brand change was completed by autumn 2009.

Controversy
In 1994, some of the funds for the illegal sale and illegal shipments of Russian weapons during the Iraq oil for food programme went through HansaBank to Estonia.

See also
Hanseatic League for historical basis of name.

References
External links
Hansapank's (Estonia) homepage
Hansabanka's (Latvia) homepage
Hansabankas' (Lithuania) homepageAristolochia chilensis, known locally as orejas de zorro (fox ears), is a herbaceous perennial plant native to Chile.

Description
A. chilensis is a perennial vine whose stalks can grow to about 1 meter (3.3 ft) in length. The climbing stalks have boomerang-shaped alternate leaves. The flowers may be yellowish or brownish-purple in color, and emit an unpleasant odor that attracts the flies which pollinate it. Retorse (downward-pointing) hairs on the flower, similar to those of pitcher plants, impede the departure of the flies. Once trapped within the utricule (a sac-like structure of the flower), pollen from the stamens is deposited on the flies; pollen they brought with them is deposited on the stigmata as they enter. Within the flower, they are sustained by nectaries for a day, while the stamens ripen and the flower withers. This releases tension in the retorse hairs and frees the flies. The flower usually grows between 15–30 cm (6–12 in) tall with the scrambling vines growing to about 1 meter (3 feet).

Distinguishing characteristics
Members of the genus Aristolochia are known for fly pollination and are similar to pitcher plants and flytraps. The main difference is that those plants digest the insects for nutrients, while the Aristolochia use them mainly for pollination. Every part of the plant is also poisonous if ingested by humans or animals. Caterpillars and the swallowtail butterfly actually feed on the leaves, flowers, and shoots of the plant. Caterpillars can especially tolerate the acids contained within the plant and, in turn, cause them to become poisonous to predators. The plant is also zygomorphic and usually has foetid flowers to attract pollinators (flies) while repelling predators. The aroma of the flower especially helps with its survival.

Environment and habitat
This plant is only native to Chile and is found in low altitude valleys and coastal mountains. They tend to be found in coastal areas from 0 – 500 meters and mountains from 500 – 2000 meters in altitude. They thrive in very dry areas with little to no rainfall and can tolerate droughts. They also thrive on full exposure to sunlight and grow only on level or northern facing slopes. The plant can not handle snow but it can tolerate brief freezing spells of approximately -5 °C which is the approximate temperature of the morning frost in Chile. They also need adequate drainage to mature properly.

Ecology
Aristolochia chilensis, like the related Aristolochia bridgesii, is a larval food source for the gold rim swallowtail butterfly, Battus polydamas.

Uses and chemical components
Aristolochia chilensis has ornamental and medicinal value and has also yielded the new 4-aryltetralone (−)-aristotetralone. Being in the family Aristolociaceae, Aristolochia chilensis contain aristolochic acid. This has typically been used in traditional Chinese medicine to help with ailments from mouth ulcers to arthritis. However, the use of this acid for medicinal purposes has been banned in Europe since 2001 and China in 2003 due to studies showing that the acids are carcinogenic, mutagenic, and nephrotoxic, thus causing much more harm then good. Although they do not smell pleasant, they are often used for groundcovers in xeriscaping.

Citations
References
Edwards, Sara, Neotropical Aristolochiaceae, Kew Gardens, retrieved July 2, 2012
La Fountaine, Eric (2009), Aristolochia chilensis, University of British Columbia Botanical Garden, archived from the original on June 22, 2011, retrieved July 2, 2012
Aristolochia chilensis, Plant World Seeds, retrieved July 2, 2012

External links
IPNI Listing
Kew Plant ListVirginia Harriett Kline (July 14, 1910 – February 5, 1959) was a geologist, stratigrapher, and librarian who was heavily focused on fieldwork.

Early life and education
Virginia Kline was born in Coleman, Michigan to father Ray Kline and mother Abbie Young Kline on July 14, 1910. She attended high school and college in Lansing, Michigan and eventually received her Bachelor of Science degree from Michigan State College in June 1931. Her undergraduate was completed at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, and she obtained her Master's degree in June 1933, followed by her Doctor of Philosophy degree in geology in June, 1935 for her thesis entitled "Stratigraphy and Paleontology of the Silica Formation (Hamilton Age) of Southeastern Michigan". She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in library sciences several years later in May 1942.

Career
Kline started her career as a temporary stratigrapher in 1937, for the North Dakota Geological Survey in Grand Forks, North Dakota. During this time, she had the opportunity to spend most of her time in the field studying well samples, driller's logs, and fossil collections. Her first published work, "Stratigraphy of North Dakota" came as a result of the experience she acquired. Kline had a distinguished career working in her field of study for a number of companies in the Tri-State area of Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky during 1940. These companies included Michigan Oil Exploration, Chapman Minerals Corporation and Sohio Producing Company, where she worked as the only geologist for all three during the depression. During this time she became familiarized with the stratigraphic characteristics of the area, and proficient in tasks relating to sample studying and well-sitting. In 1941 she undertook consulting work in Lansing, Michigan, while simultaneously studying for her library sciences degree, eventually working briefly as the librarian for the Civil Engineering School at the University of Michigan. The following year, she accepted a position at the University of Mississippi as associate professor of geology in the Department of Geology, in addition to becoming an assistant geologist within the Mississippi Geological Survey. This position granted her the opportunity to co-author "Geology of Clay County, Mississippi", writing the section "Clay County Fossils: Midway Foraminifera and Ostracoda".In 1943, during World War II, Kline became assistant petroleum analyst in the Chicago Office of Petroleum Administration. In November 1944 she accepted a position at the Illinois State Geological Survey as an Associate Geologist in the Oil and Gas section, where she worked for fourteen years until her death in 1959, making many contributions to the knowledge of geology. In 1946, she became a member of the AAPG.

Applications of science
During her college days, Kline co-authored the publication titled "Revision of Alexander Winchell's Types of Brachiopods from the Middle Devonian Traverse Group of Rocks of Michigan." This publication was an integral piece of literature illustrating the role that women played in geology and showed that science and specifically geology was still evolving during her time. This work also highlights the connection to the concept that science is an ongoing process of understanding knowledge that develops alongside new discoveries and ideas. Historically speaking, many amendments have been made in the name of science to fit newly available data, as illustrated by Ehlers' and Kline's work in correcting previous interpretations of strata, using Steno's rules of stratigraphy. The consequence of which revamps the fossil index of the area, which in turn dictates to companies that are invested in drilling a new approach in looking for areas to commit resources, but also challenging the established thoughts on the history of the area. As Kline's career continued she became heavily involved within the field of petroleum geology and more importantly stratigraphy and fossil indexing. In 1942, while working as an associate professor and geologist at the University of Mississippi, Kline conducted an extensive summary of the lithology and distribution of Geological formations within the state. Nearing the end of her time at the University of Mississippi, Kline co-authored another important publication on describing and illustrating microfossils, a topic that had only briefly been explored, showing again that science is an evolving process, created through the assimilation of new discoveries and existing understanding.

Contributions to science
Earning a doctorate in earth sciences was a considerable accomplishment considering that between 1920–1970 women obtained less than 4 percent of all doctorates awarded in this field. Furthering the advancement of how women were perceived in geology, a majority of Kline's career was heavily focused on fieldwork, which was uncommon for women at the time where even women professors advocated against office or laboratory work. Kline's contributions are highlighted by the fact that not only was she a woman in a field dominated by men at the time, she was also the only geologist for three companies at the same time, and eventually earned enough respect to author her own work, and eventually came to be the sole author on reports put out by the Illinois Geological Survey.

Publications and professional works
'Revision of Alexander Winchell's Types of Brachiopods from the Middle Devonian Traverse Group of Rocks in Michigan', G.M. Ehlers and V. H. Kline, Museum of Paleontology, University of Michigan, Vol. IV, No. 10, Jan. 15 1934
'Stratigraphy of North Dakota' - Bulletin of American Association of Petroleum and Geology, Vol. 26, No.3, pp 336–79, March 1942
'Clay County Fossils - Midway Foraminifera and Ostracoda', V. Kline, Mississippi Geological Survey Bulletin 53, Pt. 3, 1943
Series of annual reports (1944 - 1957) on oil and gas developments in Illinois
Joint author with A. H. Bell printed in 'Transactions of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers', reprinted in the 'Illinois Petroleum Survey' for years 1944 - 1953
Co-author with A. H. Bell when Illinois Geological Survey issued its annual report on the oil and gas industry in Illinois in its bulletin series, 1954 - 1957
Principle author of monthly oil and gas drilling report, published by Illinois Geological Survey


Kathryn Campbell (born August 8, 1990) is a Canadian karateka. In 2019, she won the silver medal in the women's kumite -55 kg event at the 2019 Pan American Games held in Lima, Peru. She also won the silver medal in this event at the 2015 Pan American Games held in Toronto, Canada. In both events Valéria Kumizaki of Brazil won the gold medal.
In June 2021, she competed at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Paris, France hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. She did not qualify as she was eliminated in her first match by Trinity Allen of the United States. In November 2021, she competed in the women's 55 kg event at the 2021 World Karate Championships held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

Achievements
References
External links
Kathryn Campbell at the Canadian Olympic CommitteeDigital Multilayer Disk (DMD) is an optical disc format developed by D Data Inc. It is based on the 3D optical data storage technology developed for the Fluorescent Multilayer Disc by the defunct company Constellation 3D. DMDs can store between 22 and 32 GB of binary information. It is based on red laser technology, so DM discs and players can be easily made in existing production facilities with little modifications. Discs are composed of multiple data layers joined by a fluorescent material. Unlike DVDs and CDs, DMD do not have metallic layers, so they are nearly transparent. DMDs are coated with proprietary chemical compositions, and those chemicals react when the red laser shines on a particular layer. The chemical reaction then generates a signal, which is then read by the disc reader. This allows for discs to potentially have up to 100 GB of storage space.Macroglossum milvus is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is known from Réunion (formerly known as Île Bourbon) and Mauritius.The head and thorax uppersides have a dark mesial line. The abdomen upperside has four orange lateral patches, of which the first is the smallest. The thorax underside is clayish reddish cinnamon. The palpus is more grey, with a purer white side-stripe. The abdomen underside is tawny. Both wings undersides are bright tawny, with the inconspicuous distal borders a duller brown and the extreme bases more or less yellow, especially near the inner edge of the hindwing. The hindwing upperside is bright tawny, without a dark border and the extreme base is brownish black. The yellow antemedian band is ill-defined.
The larvae feed on Mussaenda arcuata, Diana fragans and Chassalia corallioides.

References

Pinhey, E. (1962): Hawk Moths of Central and Southern Africa. Longmans Southern Africa, Cape Town.Free Dirt Records is an American independent record label and label services company founded in 2006 by John Smith and Erica Haskell that releases folk and roots music. The label's releases have received two Grammy nominations.

History
John Smith met Erica Haskell when Haskell interned at Smithsonian Folkways in 2000. Later while Haskell was attending graduate school in ethnomusicology they collaborated on a box set of spoken word introductions paired with original songs by anarchist folk musician and storyteller Utah Phillips before founding Free Dirt Records in 2006. The label's first official release was by the traditional Bosnian group Mostar Sevdah Reunion. Smith and Haskell ventured to create a label where they could work with young artists making traditionally rooted music and showcase often overlooked material like spoken word. Since 2006, the label has released music by Pokey LaFarge, Anna & Elizabeth, Hackensaw Boys, Julian Lage & Chris Eldridge (Grammy-nominated), Cahalen Morrison, Che Apalache (Grammy-nominated), Dori Freeman, JP Harris, and The Two Man Gentlemen Band. Free Dirt also works with PM Press to co-release spoken word and folk music. Together they've put out lectures by Noam Chomsky and Howard Zinn and music from Chumbawamba, Leon Rosselson and Robb Johnson, among others. Free Dirt also distributes a number of independent roots record labels including Jalopy (Brooklyn), Big Muddy (St. Louis), Hi-Style (Nashville), Mashed Potato (New Orleans), and Gar Hole (Fayetteville). Free Dirt is based in Takoma, Washington, D.C. and currently managed by Jonathan Een Newton and Cassie Michel.

Roster
See also
List of record labels

References
External links
Official website
Free Dirt Records at Discogs.comLeioproctus is a genus in the plaster bee family Colletidae. Its members are primarily found in Australasia and temperate South America, and include the most common native bees in New Zealand. It includes the following species:

See also
Colletidae genera and species


Frank Nugent Freeman (April 17, 1880 – October 17, 1961) was a Canadian-born American educational psychologist. He taught at the University of Chicago from 1909 to 1939, and served as dean of the University of California, Berkeley's Graduate School of Education from then until 1948. Among his most notable books are Mental Tests: Their History, Principles and Applications (1926) and Twins: A Study of Heredity and Environment (1937).

References
External links
"University of California: In Memoriam, April 1963". California Digital Library. Retrieved 2 March 2019.Kevin Hird (born 11 February 1955) is an English retired footballer. He played for Blackburn Rovers, Leeds United and Burnley, mostly as a midfielder. After retiring from the professional game, he spent several seasons playing for amateur side Kelbrook F.C. until the team was disbanded in 2007. Since then the retired professional has spent the last 3 years at amateur team Earby Town F.C. in the Craven and District League.

References
External links
Profile at leeds-fans.org.uk
Kevin Hird at Post War English & Scottish Football League A–Z Player's DatabaseGlaciarium is a modern glacier interpretation centre, built to entertain and educate about ice, glaciers and the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. It is located in the town of El Calafate, gateway to glaciers, in the Santa Cruz province, Patagonia, southern Argentina. It opened on January 17, 2011, with a ceremony that was attended by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. The building was designed by the architectural office Santiago Cordeyro Arquitectos and the architect Pablo Güiraldes.The centre is dedicated to ice and glaciers, and is designed to educate visitors about these natural phenomena in depth. The scientific director is glaciologist Pedro Skvarca. The building is formed by a main hall and three exhibitions halls, a total of 2,500 square metres (27,000 sq ft). Two halls house the permanent glaciological exhibits that include dioramas, multimedia, 3D models, and other modern resources. The third hall is a cultural venue and movie theatre where 3D documentaries and other films are screened.

Distinctions
The Glaciarium has been declared of interest by the Argentine National Parks Bureau, the Province of Santa Cruz, and the National Congress of Cultural Interest.

Permanent Exhibits
The permanent exhibits cover the formation of glaciers, the early explorers and scientists, how snow turns into ice, how glaciers move, the Earth's past, and the Patagonian glaciers.

Ice Bar
In October 2011, an ice bar opened in the Glaciarium. It was billed as being the only bar in the world constructed completely from glacial ice. Despite being provided with capes, gloves, and boots, patrons are only allowed to stay in the bar for 20 minutes because of the cold.

References
External links
Glaciarium Website
Official Facebook Fan Page of GlaciariumPuluvar R. Ilankumaranar (30 January 1927 – 25 July 2021) was an Indian Tamil scholar. He worked as a school teacher and later as a novelist, publisher, magazine editor and speaker. He conducted nearly 5,000 marriages in an ancient Tamil tradition of conducting marriages naming it as 'Aadhi Tamil Murai Thirumanam'.

Early life
Ilankumaranar was born  in Vazhavandalpuram, a village in Tirunelveli district as the eighth and last child of his parents on 30 January 1927. He started his Tamil career as a 19 year old in 1946 as a Tamil teacher in a government school in Thirunagar. He got first class in 1951 Pulava examination at the University of Chennai.

Career
In 1963, former Prime Minister Nehru published a book, Thiruku Essay Collection, written by Ilankumaranar. Abdul Kalam, the former President, published the book ‘Hundred in the Sangam Literary Series’ in 2003. He is the author of more than 600 books. His greatest work was to retrieve the ‘Kakkaipadiniyam’, a grammar work done by a Tamil poet named Kakkaipadini in the 6th century AD. He established the Thiruvalluvar Thava Salai in 1993.

Responsibilities of organizations
He has held many responsibilities including the Secretary of the Tamil Archives, the Secretary of the Madurai District Tamil Editors' Association and the organizer of the selection committee. He also worked as a guest professor at the Kamarasar University, Madurai.

Awards and honours
He received Tiruvika Award from Government of Tamil Nadu, Lifetime Achievement Award from Federation of Tamil Sangams of North America in 2007, ‘Tamil Peravai Semmal' by Madurai Kamaraj University in 2009, 2012 Pachamuthu Paynthamil Award-Lifetime Achievement Award, Master of Arts (D.Lit) from Bharathidasan University, ‘Mozhipor Maravar' by Tamil Santror Peravai, and titles like ‘Thirukural Paeroli', ‘Semmozhi Sitthar' and ‘Tamil Kadal'.

Death
Ilankumaranar died on 25 July 2021 at the age of  94.


The 1946 Pilbara strike was a landmark strike by Indigenous Australian pastoral workers in the Pilbara region of Western Australia for human rights recognition, payment of fair wages and working conditions. The strike involved at least 800 Aboriginal pastoral workers walking off the large pastoral stations in the Pilbara on 1 May 1946, and from employment in the two major towns of Port Hedland and Marble Bar. The strike did not end until August 1949 and even then many Indigenous Australians refused to go back and work for white station owners.It is regarded as the first industrial strike by Aboriginal people since colonisation and one of if not the longest industrial strikes in Australia, and a landmark in indigenous Australians fighting for their human rights, cultural rights, and Native title.

Working conditions
For many years Aboriginal pastoral workers in the Pilbara were denied cash wages and were only paid in supplies of tobacco, flour and other necessities. The pastoral stations treated the Aboriginal workers as a cheap slave labour workforce to be exploited. Many tried to leave the stations on which they worked but were met with legal resistance; those who were unsuccessful could be whipped and those who escaped were hunted by police and returned. The situation was that "while Aboriginal labour was required, Aboriginal people were treated as if they were expendable".European attacks and brutal shootings of whole family groups of Aboriginal Australians are part of the history of the region, though often not well documented. One attack took place at Skull Creek in the Northern Territory a few kilometers north of Ti-Tree in the 1870s, which resulted in the bleached bones and thus the name for the place. In 1926 the Forrest River massacre was carried out by a police party on the Forrest River Mission (later the Aboriginal community of Oombulgurri), in the East Kimberleys. Though there was a royal commission into the reported killing and burning of Aboriginal people in the East Kimberley, the police allegedly involved were brought to trial and acquitted.As well as proper wages and better working conditions, Aboriginal lawmen sought natural justice arising from the original Western Australian colonial Constitution. As a condition for self-rule in the colony, the British Government insisted that once public revenue in WA exceeded 500,000 pounds, 1 per cent was to be dedicated to "the welfare of the Aboriginal natives" under Section 70 of the Constitution. Succeeding colonial and state Governments legislated to remove the funding provisions for "native welfare".

The strike
The strike was coordinated and led by Aboriginal lawmen Dooley Bin Bin and Clancy McKenna; and Don McLeod, an active unionist and member of the Communist Party of Australia for a short period. The strike was planned at an Aboriginal law meeting in 1942 at Skull Springs (east of Nullagine), where a massacre had previously occurred. The meeting was attended by an estimated 200 senior Aboriginal representatives representing twenty-three language groups from much of the remote north-west of Australia. 16 interpreters were needed for the meeting. Discussions were protracted with the meeting lasting six weeks. McLeod, the only European-Australian present, was given the task of chief negotiator. While not present, Bin Bin was elected to represent the Aboriginal peoples from unsettled desert lands. Later McLeod and Bin Bin chose McKenna to represent those from the settled areas. The strike was postponed until after the Second World War had ended in 1945.Peter Coppin, also known as Kangushot, (1920–2006) was another one of the strike leaders. Regarded as a pioneer of the Aboriginal rights movement in the 1940s, he was awarded the British Empire Medal in 1972, and appointed NAIDOC Elder of the Year in 2002.
Crude calendars were taken from one station camp to another in early 1946 to organise the strike. The efforts, if noticed by the white people present, were dismissed and laughed at. The date of May 1st was chosen not only because it was International Workers' Day but also because it was the first day of the shearing season. On 1 May 1946, hundreds of Aboriginal workers left the pastoral stations and set up strike camps.The strike was most effective in the Pilbara region. Further afield in Broome and Derby and other inland northern towns, the strike movement was harshly suppressed by police action and was more short lived. Over the three years, occasionally strikers went back to work, while others joined or rejoined the strike.At the commencement of the strike in 1946, McLeod was an Australian Workers' Union delegate at Port Hedland wharf who motivated support by the Australian labour movement. The Western Australian branch of the Seamen's Union of Australia eventually put a blackban on the shipment of wool from the Pilbara. Nineteen unions in Western Australia, seven federal unions and four Trades and Labour councils supported the strike. The strike stimulated support from the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, who helped establish the Committee for the Defence of Native Rights. This organisation raised funds for and publicised the strike in Perth including organising a public meeting in the Perth Town Hall attended by 300 people.Many of the Aboriginal strikers served time in jail; some were seized by police at revolver point and put into chains for several days. At one stage in December 1946, McLeod was arrested in Port Hedland during the strike for "inciting Aborigines to leave their place of lawful employment"; the Aboriginal strikers marched on the jail, occupied it and freed McLeod. McLeod was gaoled a total of seven times during the period, three times for being within five chains (100 metres (330 ft)) of a congregation of "natives", three times for inciting natives to leave their lawful employment, and once for forgery.
In one incident during the strike, two policemen were sent out to the Five Mile Camp near Marble Bar. When they arrived they commenced shooting the people's dogs, even when they were chained up between their legs. Shooting the dogs of Aboriginal people was considered by some frontier Europeans as a sport. On this occasion the endangering of human life angered the strikers, who quickly disarmed the two policeman. The local strike leader, Jacob Oberdoo, and other strikers held the policemen until they had regained some composure and then arranged their own arrests, insisting they be taken into custody.Oberdoo was jailed three or four times and suffered humiliations and deprivations of many kinds during the strike, but maintained his dignity and solidarity for the length of the strike. In 1972 he was awarded the British Empire Medal but turned it down. McLeod described Oberdoo's reply to the Prime Minister rejecting the medal:

"...he was unable to do business with, or accept favours from Law-carriers in bad standing. 'You pin medals on dogs' was how he explained the real message underlying the award".The strikers sustained themselves with their traditional bush skills, hunting kangaroos and goats for both meat and skins. They also developed some cottage industry which brought some cash payment such as selling buffel grass seed in Sydney, the sale of pearl shell, and in surface mining.Aboriginal women played a vital role in the strike, both as workers on strike and in the establishment of strikers' camps, though their involvement has not been documented to the same extent as that of the men. Daisy Bindi, a Nyangumarta woman, led a walk-off of 96 workers at Roy Hill Station to join the strike. Before the strike commenced, Bindi organised meetings in south-eastern Pilbara, which attracted police attention, and authorities threatened to remove her from the area. During the strike she transported supporters to the strikers' camps, talking her way through a police confrontation. Her efforts played a large part in spreading the strike to the further stations in inland Pilbara.Wages and conditions were eventually won by the strikers on Mount Edgar and Limestone Stations. These two became a standard, with the strikers declaring that any station requiring labour would have to equal or better the rates of pay and conditions operating on these two.By August 1949, the Seamen's Union had agreed to blackban wool from stations in the Pilbara onto ships for export. On the third day after the ban had been applied, McLeod was told by a government representative that the strikers' demands would be met if the ban was lifted. Weeks after the strike ended and the ban lifted, the government denied making any such agreement.After the strike concluded many Aboriginal people refused to go back to working in their old roles in the pastoral industry. Eventually they pooled their funds from surface mining and other cottage industry to buy or lease stations, including some they had formerly worked on, to run them as cooperatives.

Legacy
Aboriginal plaintiffs from Strelley Station finally commenced an action in the Supreme Court of Western Australia in 1994, seeking a declaration that the 1905 repeal of section 70 was invalid. In 2001, after protracted litigation, the High Court of Australia held that the 1905 repeal had been legally effective.Four streets in the Canberra suburb of Bonner were named after the strike leaders in 2010. Clancy McKenna Crescent, Dooley Bin Bin Street, Peter Coppin Street and Don McLeod Lane were all named after the men instrumental in organizing the strike.

In the arts
The poet Dorothy Hewett visited Port Hedland in 1946 and wrote the poem "Clancey and Dooley and Don McLeod" about the strike, which was subsequently put to music by folk musician Chris Kempster and recorded by Roy Bailey.The 1959 documentary novel Yandy by Donald Stuart deals with the strike.In 1987 a documentary film was made about the strike by director David Noakes, titled How the West was Lost.Kangkushot, The Life of Nyamal Lawman Peter Coppin, by Jolly Read and Peter Coppin, tells the story of Kangku's life including his leadership in the strike and after in setting up Yandeyarra station which still runs today. It was shortlisted for the 1999 Western Australian Premier's Book Awards.Yandy, a play written by Jolly Read after being commissioned by Black Swan State Theatre Company, tells the story of the strike and its leaders and families. It won the 2004 Western Australian Premier's Book Award for best script.Artist Nyaparu Gardiner, who was born into the strike, has portrayed it many times in his work.

See Also
Wave Hill walk-off

References
Further reading
Brown, Max; Hewett, Dorothy (1976). The Black Eureka. Sydney: Australasian Book Society. ISBN 978-0909916763. Retrieved 7 February 2013.Churches, Steven. "The Story of a Promise made to Western Australia's Aborigines". Speech made at Murdoch University, June 2002. Archived from Papers/Steven Churches.htm the original on 15 August 2010. {{cite web}}: Check |url= value (help)
George, Jennie. (1997) Reconciliation in the Community - How do we make it a reality?
Judamia & Ors v State of Western Australia [1996] HCATrans 406 (8 October 1996), High Court (Australia)
McLeod, D. W.(1984) How the West was lost: The native question in the development of Western Australia Port Hedland, W.A. The author.
"Rebel of the Pilbara". [Transcription]. the Age. 2 May 1996. Archived from the original on 15 March 2005.{{cite web}}:  CS1 maint: others (link)
Roberts, Janine (1978) From Massacres to Mining ISBN 0-905990-05-6

External links
How the West was Lost (1987), film made by David Noakes
"PilbaraStrike". PilbaraStrike. 2018. (Dedicated website)The Tees Valley Line is a railway line located in North East England, and follows part of the route of the original route of the Stockton & Darlington Railway of 1825.The line covers a distance of 38 miles (61 km), and connects Bishop Auckland to Saltburn via Darlington, Middlesbrough and the wider Tees Valley region.
The section of line between Darlington and Bishop Auckland is branded  as The Bishop Line, and is supported by the Bishop Line Community Rail Partnership.Beyond the line's western terminus at Bishop Auckland, the tracks continue for around 16 miles (26 km) to Stanhope along what is now the Weardale Heritage Railway.

Service
Services on the Tees Valley Line are operated by Northern Trains, with an hourly service running between Saltburn and Bishop Auckland, and half-hourly trains to Darlington. 
Additional Northern Trains services operate along the Tees Valley Line during the morning peak, with some journeys between Middlesbrough and Newcastle running along the East Coast Main Line, rather than the Durham Coast Line.TransPennine Express also operate along part of the Tees Valley Line, with hourly services from Redcar Central and Middlesbrough to York, Leeds and Manchester Airport.Predominantly, rolling stock on the Tees Valley Line consists of Class 156 and Class 158 diesel multiple units operated by Northern Trains, as well Class 185 diesel multiple units operated by TransPennine Express. 
The Class 156 and 158 units operating on the Tees Valley Line are currently in the process of being refurbished, with upgrades including free WiFi, power sockets, on-board passenger information displays, and an interior refresh.Class 185 units operated by TransPennine Express were refurbished as part of a £32 million investment, with the work being completed in 2018.Class 142 'Pacer' trains also served the line on Northern services, until the turn of the new decade, when they were withdrawn from passenger service.The route serves the following stations: Bishop Auckland, Shildon, Newton Aycliffe, Heighington, North Road (Darlington), Darlington, Dinsdale, Teesside Airport, Allens West, Eaglescliffe, Thornaby, Middlesbrough, South Bank, Redcar Central, Redcar East, Longbeck, Marske and Saltburn.

History
The section of line between Bishop Auckland and Darlington (prior to joining the East Coast Main Line), as well as the section between Dinsdale (near Middleton St. George) and Eaglescliffe, follow the original route of the Stockton & Darlington Railway, which dates back to 1825.The line from Middlesbrough to Saltburn, as well as the freight only line to Boulby Mine, were part of the Whitby, Redcar & Middlesbrough Union Railway, until the line's closure on 5 May 1958.In March 2015, a 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) electrified siding was laid adjacent to the Tees Valley Line, just south of Heighington. This allows low-speed testing of the trains manufactured at the nearby Hitachi Rail plant at Newton Aycliffe, including TOPS classes 800, 801, 805, 807, 810 and 385.

Least-used stations
Prior to the suspension of services to Redcar British Steel in 2019, the Tees Valley Line was home to two of the country's least-used rail stations.

Redcar British Steel
In 2017-18, Redcar British Steel was the least-used station in Britain, with an estimated 40 passenger journeys made.
Prior to service suspension in December 2019, Redcar British Steel was served by two trains during the morning peak (07:57 to Bishop Auckland & 08:25 to Saltburn), and two during the evening peak (16:58 to Middlesbrough & 18:17 to Saltburn).

Teesside Airport
In 2012-13 and 2013-14, Teesside Airport was the least-used station in the country, with just 8 passenger journeys made per year, in both periods.
As of the December 2019 timetable change, Teesside Airport is currently served by a once-weekly parliamentary service. Currently, the single Sunday service, commencing at Hartlepool, is timetabled to call at Teesside Airport at 14:54, before continuing through to Darlington.

Stations
References
External links
GenMaps - Maps of Durham, Yorkshire 1885
NPEMaps - Maps of area circa 1950
Network Rail maps of Route 9 - North East Routes
North Eastern Railway Tour 2000
Communigate - Grangetown streets and buildings
The Bishop LineHoseynabad-e Kushk Zar (Persian: حسين ابادكوشكذر, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kūshk Zar and Ḩoseynābād-e Kūshkeh Zar) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 45 families.


The African Independence Party (French: Parti Africain de l'Indépendance) was a political party in Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta), led by Philippe Ouédraogo.
It was a part of the Pan-African communist African Independence Party (PAI), which established its branch in Upper Volta in 1963. In 1973, PAI launched the Patriotic League for Development (LIPAD) as its open mass front. LIPAD became an important movement during the revolution of 1983 and through LIPAD PAI took part in the Thomas Sankara government for one year. Then relations with Sankara soured and LIPAD was expelled from the government.
In the 1992 parliamentary elections, PAI was part of the pro-government Popular Front. PAI won two seats.
In 1999, the PAI split, and Soumane Touré formed a parallel PAI. The PAI led by Touré, which joined the government, obtained the legal recognition of the name PAI. The PAI led by Ouédraogo registered an electoral party, the Party for Democracy and Socialism in 2002, in order to contest the elections on 5 May 2002. PDS won 1.7% of the popular vote and 2 out of 111 seats.
In 2005, Ouédraogo won 2.3% of the vote in the presidential elections. He was supported by the PAI, the PDS, the CDS, the GDP and the UFP.
PAI published L'Avant-Garde.
In 2012, the party merged into Party for Democracy and Socialism/Metba.


Levi J. Jones (born August 24, 1979) is a former American football offensive tackle.  He played college football at Arizona State and was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft.

College career
Jones attended Arizona State University. Levi originally went on an academic scholarship, but decided to walk-on to the football team. He earned a bachelor's degree in exercise science with a minor in business.

Professional career
Cincinnati Bengals
Jones was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round (10th overall) of the 2002 NFL draft.
On July 25, 2006, Jones signed a six-year, $30 million contract extension with the Bengals.
Less than a month after the Bengals selected Alabama offensive tackle Andre Smith sixth overall in the 2009 NFL Draft, the team released Jones on May 6, 2009.

Washington Redskins
On October 20, 2009, Jones signed a free agent contract with the Washington Redskins and was the starting left tackle.

Personal
Las Vegas scuffle
In March 2007, Joey Porter and Jones were involved in a brawl at a Las Vegas casino. Porter still had unresolved issues with Jones from their days in the AFC North between Porter's Pittsburgh Steelers and Jones' Cincinnati Bengals.  On May 30, Porter pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor battery and was ordered to pay a $1,000 fine. Porter was docked 3 game paychecks for his actions. Later reports into the incident revealed that it was not just Porter, but also 6 of his friends including convicted felon Ross Earl who attacked Jones.

References
External links
Washington Redskins bio
Arizona State Sun Devils bio"Fires" is the lead single released from Irish singer/songwriter Ronan Keating's ninth solo album with the same name. The song was premiered on 21 July 2012 on BBC Radio 2. The single as released as a digital download on 2 September 2012. The song was only available as a digital download and sold 10,000 copies.

Music video
The music video for the song premiered on 1 August 2012, via YouTube. It shows two versions of the singer running and driving to the same location.

Track listing
Chart performance


Loophole is a 1981 British heist crime film directed by John Quested and starring Albert Finney, Martin Sheen, Susannah York, Jonathan Pryce, Colin Blakely and Tony Doyle. It was written by Jonathan Hales, based upon the novel by Robert Pollock.  Music is by Lalo Schifrin.

Plot
The film opens with a safe-break that yields unexpectedly low gains for the robbers. Daniels (Finney) plots the bank robbery, having targeted this institution because he has discovered that the main subterranean vault, thought to be impregnable, lies within a short distance of a main sewer. Enlisting the services of a  boat-dealer to supply equipment, he targets Booker (Sheen) who, as an architect, has the skill needed to pinpoint the exact location underground. Booker angrily rejects the first approach from Daniels but later, harassed by his bank manager (played by Robert Morley) and having to support a new business venture by his wife (Susannah York), he agrees on the undertaking, provided that no violence is to be used.
With Gardner (Colin Blakely) keeping watch from a rented nearby office, the titular loophole of the sewer access is utilized by the robbery crew, setting off the bank alarms on entering the vault from beneath and continuing to empty the contents when the police arrive. The police decide the alarms are defective and turn them off for the evening.
As the gang are preparing to leave, a heavy downpour of rain starts to flood the sewer system and the gang are seen to struggle against a raging torrent as they are laden with spoils. Booker refuses to leave and remains in the vault hoping the water will go down before the vault is open on business hours. One of the robbers who had been injured by inhaling sewer gas earlier in the scene, Harry (Alfred Lynch), is seen floating away and is presumed to die. The final scenes show Booker in his own studio.

Reception
The staff at Variety said that the core of the plot was one of the few bright spots of the movie. Variety went on to say that the film didn't give Albert Finney and Martin Sheen a chance to show their talents due to the script's quality. The staff also went on to write that the film offered very little in terms of action or suspense.Spinning Image gave the film 5 out of 10 stars with the overall summary of the review being that there wasn't enough peril, that the plot of the heist was too straightforward for most people and that the ending was rushed.Loophole has a 25% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

Cast
Albert Finney - Mike Daniels
Martin Sheen - Stephen Booker
Susannah York - Dinah Booker
Colin Blakely - Gardner
Jonathan Pryce - Taylor
Robert Morley - Godfrey
Alfred Lynch - Harry
Tony Doyle - Nolan
Christopher Guard - Cliff
Gwyneth Powell - Doreen
Jerry Harte - Maxwell
James Grout - Fairbrother
Terrence Hardiman - David
Bridget Brice - Emily
Ian Howarth - Matthew
Claude Perera - The Architect

References
External links
Loophole at IMDb
Loophole at AllMovieLukas von Graben zum Stein (until 1500 Lukas von Graben) († 1550 at Stein Castle), lord of Stein, was a Carinthian-Gorizian nobleman and military leader of the Counts of Gorizia and the Habsburgs. He came from the Sommeregger line of Von Graben, whose members held important offices at the time of the last Counts of Gorizia, and through whose work the Renaissance culture also found its way into East Tyrol.

Biography
Family von Graben
Lukas von Graben was born the son of the important nobleman Virgil von Graben of the Von Graben family and Dorothea Arnold, née Herbst von Herbstenburg. However, since this marriage was not legally binding, his children could not accept their father's inheritance. One of his cousins was Ladislaus Prager, Hereditary Marshal of the duchy of Carinthia and Chamberlain of Emperor Frederik III. According to Bucelin, Lukas von Graben was married to a daughter of Georg Hellssen, with whom he had three daughters and two sons, who inherited the Stein fief:
Margaretha von Graben zum Stein, married to Leopold Göstels von Mülbach (1542)
N of Graben zum Stein, married N of Moors
Catharina von Graben zum Stein, married Christoph Mühlsteuers in Flaschberg in 1540
Hans von Graben zum Stein, the older († 1587–91), married to Anna Straufen and remarried in 1576 with Margarita Manndorfferin (von Manndorff), Lord of Stein
Georg von Graben zum Stein (mentioned 1570; † 1595), Lord of Stein; married to Kunigunde (née Von Gendorf, widow Von Vasold) no descendants; Lord of Stein

Heritage
Lukas von Graben was unable to take over his father's inheritance due to his father's illegal marriage. As a result, the von Graben family lost the important fief of Sommeregg. The inheritance passed to Lukas von Graben's cousin Rosina von Graben von Rain and to the barons von Rain zu Sommeregg. Lukas was enfeoffed by the emperor with Heinfels, the manor and castle Schwarzenegk (Schwarzenegg) on ​​the Karst, Črni Vrh (Divača in Slovenia), and the manor and Stein Castle. In 1500 he was given the suffix Zum Stein by the later Emperor Maximilian I. Stein remained in the family until 1664.

Career
Controversy over the County of Gorizia
When the last Count of Gorizia, Leonhard, was about to die at the end of the 15th century, the two neighboring states, the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy and the Republic of Venice, began to fight the inheritance. In 1498 Lukas von Graben was given command of the gorizian Burghut, the defense of the capital and residential city of Gorizia and its surroundings, by his father Virgil von Graben, kaptein (governor) of the County of Gorizia. The Venetians tried to win over Lukas von Graben, but he refused, also because of his father's strict guidelines. The Venice Council of Ten offered to appoint Lukas von Graben as their supreme commander in Friuli. However, since Virgil von Graben ended the contract with Venice about the succession in the County of Gorizia and negotiated with Emperor Maximilian, this appointment was no longer made. Equipped with precise instructions from his father, Lukas von Graben intervened as commander of the Gorizia troops in the war with the Republic of Venice. But since his attempts also failed, Friuli and the city of Gorizia were handed over to the Venetian troops in 1500. A short time later Gorizia was won back by imperial troops for Maximilian of Austria. After the Gorizian inheritance in favor of the Habsburgs, the Venetians saw their failure solely in the actions of Messrs Virgil and Lukas von Graben. Lukas von Graben and his father were modestly rewarded in relation to their immense merits.

Imperial service
In 1500, Emperor Maximilian gave his "loyal, dear" Lukas von Graben the dominion of Stein as a fief due to his "great services" in winning the County of Gorizia.During the Venetian War of 1508, Von Graben zum Stein belonged to the Lienz War Chamber as Chief Provisioner (a sort of Purser) under the Supreme Commissioner Erich I of Brunswick-Lüneburg.Lukas von Graben zum Stein was in the favor of Emperor Maximilian throughout his life, so he demanded on October 25, 1514, in his instruction to the Krainer councils and the commissaries of the Krain (Carniola) estates that, among other things, "Our faithful dear Lucas von Grabn zum Stain near Traberg servants from our county of Tyrol" to strengthen the defense against the Republic of Venice.

Notes
External links
Hermann Wiesflecker: Die Grafschaft Görz und die Herrschaft Lienz, ihre Entwicklung und ihr Erbfall an Österreich (1500)Octogesima adveniens (The eightieth anniversary) is the incipit of the 14 May 1971 Apostolic Letter addressed by Pope Paul VI to Cardinal Maurice Roy, president of the Pontifical Council for the Laity and of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace, on the occasion of the eightieth anniversary of Pope Leo XIII's encyclical Rerum novarum. Generally known as A Call to Action on the Eightieth Anniversary of Rerum novarum, it is an Apostolic Letter which discusses themes such as securing democratic foundations in society.

Content
Octogesima adveniens commemorates the eightieth anniversary of Rerum novarum. Pope Paul discusses the role of individual Christians and local churches in responding to situations of injustices. In this he follows Pius XI, who issued the 1931 social encyclical Quadragesimo anno (Forty years). Pope John Paul II would do likewise in his 1991 Centesimus annus (Hundredth year).

Flagrant inequalities exist in the economic, cultural and political development of the nations: while some regions are heavily industrialized, others are still at the agricultural stage; while some countries enjoy prosperity, others are struggling against starvation; while some peoples have a high standard of culture, others are still engaged in eliminating illiteracy.
Sections 8 through 21 address particular social concerns, most especially the effect of increased urbanization: "Is sufficient attention being devoted to the arrangement and improvement of the life of the country people, whose inferior and at times miserable economic situation provokes the flight to the unhappy crowded conditions of the city outskirts, where neither employment nor housing awaits them?"

A Call to Action
In his 1967 encyclical, Populorum progressio ("On the Development of Peoples") Pope Paul said, "...lay people must consider it their task to improve the temporal order. While the hierarchy has the role of teaching and authoritatively interpreting the moral laws and precepts that apply in this matter, the laity have the duty of using their own initiative and taking action in this area—without waiting passively for directives and precepts from others." He reiterates this his Apostolic Letter, Octogesima adveniens, "Let each one examine himself, to see what he has done up to now, and what he ought to do. It is not enough to recall principles, state intentions, point to crying injustice and utter prophetic denunciations; these words will lack real weight unless they are accompanied for each individual by a livelier awareness of personal responsibility and by effective action."The Pope noted that socialism may seem to have much in common with Christian belief and it is easy to idealise it as ‘a will for
justice, solidarity and equality’, but, he said that it would be "illusory and dangerous" to accept Marxist analysis "while failing to note the kind of totalitarian and violent society to which this process leads".The Apostolic Letter is one of the first magisterial documents to mention explicitly  the topic of the preservation of environment. Emphasising the ecclesial doctrine to which the goods of the Earth are dedicated to all people (no. 43), Paul VI criticizes the modern practices of exploiting nature. Each property, including the gifts of nature, stands under the principle of the common use (usus communis), from which no human being must be excluded. Unlike Leo XIII’s encyclical Rerum novarum, Paul VI extends this postulate also on the natural environment and stresses the responsibility for future generations (no. 47). Thereby, Octogesima adveniens anticipates central motifs of the sustainability principle.

References
External links
Complete text from the official Vatican website.Refusal to serve in a public office is an offence under the common law of England and Wales. The offence is currently regarded as obsolete, and it may extend only to the appointment of high sheriffs. As a common law offence, it is tried on indictment and can be punished by an unlimited fine and/or period of imprisonment.Members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom or candidates for election are exempt from the requirement to accept public office where it would cause them to be disqualified from being MPs, although this exemption does not extend to requirements to serve in the armed forces.


Afanasovo (Russian: Афанасово) is a rural locality (a village) in Kiprevskoye Rural Settlement, Kirzhachsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 368 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.

Geography
Afanasovo is located 21 km northeast of Kirzhach (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kudrino is the nearest rural locality.


3-O-Methyldopa (3-OMD) is one of the most important metabolites of L-DOPA, a drug used in the treatment of the Parkinson's disease.
3-O-methyldopa is produced by the methylation of L-DOPA by the enzyme catechol-O-methyltransferase. The necessary cofactor for this enzymatic reaction is s-adenosyl methionine (SAM). Its half-life (approximately 15 hours) is longer than L-DOPA's half-life, which is about one hour. This means that it is accumulated in the plasma and the brain of chronic L-DOPA therapy patients such as people suffering from Parkinson's disease.
3-OMD is often elevated in the plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of Parkinson's disease patients taking L-DOPA.

Effects
Recent studies suggest that 3-OMD has some effects on the chronic treatment of L-DOPA. There are some evidences about it:

Higher levels of dyskinesia.
L-DOPA related motor dysfunction.
Inhibition of striatal uptake of tyrosine.
Competition with L-DOPA for the blood–brain barrier transporter system.
Inhibition of dopamine release.

In relation to levodopa
The most common and important treatment for Parkinson's disease is L-DOPA, used in all patients at any time of the disease evolution. It produces a decrease in symptoms of the disease. In fact, almost all patients that are treated with this drug show a considerable improvement. However, there is a controversy of whether L-DOPA and 3-OMD may be toxic.
Some studies have proposed that 3-OMD increases homocysteine levels, and this amino acid induces cardiovascular disease and neuronal damage. Some other toxic effects could be oxidative DNA damage which can cause cell death, a decrease in locomotor activities and diminishment in mitochondrial membrane potential.

Modulation
As we know, it is necessary to produce the passage of L-DOPA administered to the blood brain barrier (BBB) to supplement the lack of dopamine suffered by patients with Parkinson's. 
Due to the high peripheral degradation rate of L-DOPA, high doses are required to improve the levels of this enzyme in blood brain barrier. Those increments are often associated with dopaminergic side effects. 
For this reason, several studies reported some mechanisms that can prolong the concentration of L-DOPA. Compounds capable of decreasing 3-O-methyldopa, like entacapone, tolcapone and opicapone (COMT inhibitors), when administered in combination with L-DOPA, lead to prolonged availability of this drug, thereby prolonging its effects.
On the other hand, the possibility of blocking peripheral decarboxylation by adding an aromatic amino acid decarboxylase (AADC) inhibitor has been studied. These effects increase the methylation of L-DOPA and increase concentrations of 3-O-methyldopa. Clivel Charlton et al., demonstrate that 3-OMD accumulation from long-term L-DOPA treatment may be involved in the adverse effects of L-DOPA therapy, although more studies are needed to corroborate it.

Metabolic pathway
3-O-methyldopa is a major metabolite of L-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (L-DOPA) and is formed by catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT).

L-DOPA has the main role in the metabolic pathway as a metabolite in the biosynthesis of dopamine. This reaction happen in the process of decarboxylation by aromatic amino acid decarboxylase (AADC) also called dopa-descarboxilasa.
Furthermore, L-DOPA also can be methylated in the methylation process to 3-O-methyldopa. DDC acting as decarboxylase inhibitor makes COMT main metabolic pathway catalyzing this conversion of Levodopa.

This process is catalyzed by catechol O-methyltransferase methylates (COMT). The action of the enzyme makes it possible the reaction happens. This metabolite of L-DOPA formed, 3-OMD, is transaminated to vanilpyruvate by tyrosine aminotransferase. Vanilpyruvate is reduced to the final conversion: venillactate which are the same, predominantly by aromatic α-keto acid reductase and also by lactate dehydrogenase.

See also
L-DOPA
Entacapone
Tolcapone
Opicapone
Catechol-O-methyl transferase
Parkinson's disease


The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/350), informally known as "the Lockdown Regulations", was a statutory instrument (SI) enacted on 26 March 2020 by the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It became the principal delegated English legislation restricting freedom of movement, gatherings, and business closures during the COVID-19 emergency period until its revocation by The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (No. 2) (England) Regulations 2020 on 4 July 2020.
SI 2020/350 gave legal force to some of the 'lockdown' rules that had been announced by the Prime Minister Boris Johnson during a televised address on 23 March 2020.The SI  related to England only; there were separate regulations for Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.

Initial responses, February to March 2020
In response to early concerns of the virus's potential effects in England the UK government brought in on 10 February 2020 The Health Protection (Coronavirus) Regulations 2020 under which the Secretary of State designated specific isolation facilities at which infected persons could be held and treated. Other early responses by the  government to the developing COVID-19 pandemic took the form of guidance rather than legislation. Statements by ministers included advice to schools to cancel trips abroad (12 March); advice to the public to avoid non-essential travel, crowded places such as pubs and theatres, mass gatherings, and visits to care homes (16 March). Schools, colleges and nurseries were ultimately closed (announced 18 March, effective 21 March).

Earlier regulations, in force 21 March 2020
On 21 March the government enacted The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Business Closure) (England) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/327) which enforced the closure in England of businesses selling food and drink for consumption on the premises, as well as a range of other businesses such as nightclubs and indoor leisure centres where a high risk of infection could be expected. SI 2020/350 revoked SI 2020/327, which had come into force only five days earlier, and re-enacted most of its provisions with more extensive restrictions.On 25 March the emergency Coronavirus Act 2020 came into force, giving the government wide-ranging discretionary powers in a range of policy areas. However, the Lockdown Regulations and subsequent amendments continued, as a public health matter, to derive their legal authority from the emergency provisions contained within the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984, as amended.

Initial regulations, in force 26 March 2020
Legal basis
SI 2020/350 was introduced by way of a Statutory Instrument made by the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, using emergency powers available to him under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The regulations themselves stated the legal basis for using such powers, namely "the serious and imminent threat to public health which is posed by the incidence and spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in England"; he also certified that the restrictions "are proportionate to what they seek to achieve, which is a public health response to that threat."The regulations came into force immediately they were made, at 1pm on 26 March, and were laid before parliament at 2.30pm on the same day. The Secretary of State used section 45R of the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984 to enact the regulations immediately subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days. In the regulations themselves he stated that "by reason of urgency, it is necessary to make this instrument" without – as would normally be the case – having first placed a draft before parliament for prior discussion and approval.

Scope and review
The regulations (which applied in England only), imposed restrictions during the "emergency period" which was defined as the period between 1pm on 26 March 2020 and such ending date as the Secretary of State may later specify. He was required to review the regulations at least every 21 days, and to terminate any restriction that he considered to be no longer necessary.

Business closures
The business closures originally set out in SI 2020/327 were re-enacted. With a few exceptions, all premises selling food or drink for consumption on the premises had to remain closed including cafes, restaurants, bars and pubs; any adjacent seating area was to be treated as part of the premises. Hotels were, however, allowed to continue to provide food to guests via room service. The provision of food for consumption off the premises was explicitly stated to be allowed.The regulation set out a new and more detailed list of non food-related businesses that had to cease entirely, including most sports venues, sports courts and gyms; indoor leisure facilities; nightclubs; personal care services such as beauty parlours, nail bars and hairdressers; cultural venues such as cinemas, theatres and museums; car showrooms; and all outdoor markets except stalls selling food.In addition, libraries and all types of non-food shops were required to close unless they were on an approved list or were able to fulfil orders by delivery or without allowing personal access to their premises. The approved list of business premises allowed to remain open included food retailers, supermarkets; hardware, homeware and convenience stores; off licences; banks, building societies and post offices; laundrettes and dry cleaners; medical centres, pharmacies; vets, pet shops; petrol stations; car repairs; bicycle shops; taxi and vehicle hire; funeral directors; storage facilities; building and agricultural suppliers; car parks, public toilets.Subject to a few exceptions, all accommodation businesses such as hotels, B&Bs, holiday cottages and campsites had to cease operation.Places of worship also had to be closed, except for funerals or to provide essential voluntary services such as food banks. Similarly, burial grounds and crematoria were off-limits to the public, except when actually in use for a burial or funeral.

Restrictions on movement
As a general rule, no person was allowed to leave the place where they are living without 'reasonable excuse' (though this did not apply to anyone already homeless). No exhaustive definition of 'reasonable excuse' was provided, though the need to leave home to do any of the following was specifically allowed: to obtain basic necessities (including food and medical supplies) for those in the same household or for a vulnerable person; to obtain supplies for the essential upkeep, maintenance and functioning of the household, or that of a vulnerable person; to obtain money; to take exercise either alone or with other members of the household; to seek medical assistance; to provide emergency assistance, or assistance to a vulnerable person; to donate blood; to move house where reasonably necessary; to fulfil a legal obligation; to access critical public services including childcare; to continue existing child-access arrangements between parents; to avoid injury or illness or to escape a risk of harm.Travel for the purposes of work or voluntary service was considered a 'reasonable excuse' only if it was not reasonably possible to work at home. Religious leaders were allowed to leave home to attend their place of worship.Leaving home to attend a funeral was allowed only if the deceased was a close family member or a member of the person's household. Attending the funeral of a friend was prohibited unless there were neither close family members nor members of the deceased's household in attendance.

Restrictions on gatherings
Generally, all public gatherings of more than two people were prohibited. The only exceptions were: where all persons are members of the same household; where the gathering was essential for work purposes; to attend certain funerals; or where reasonably necessary to facilitate a house move, provide emergency assistance, provide care to a vulnerable person, to participate in legal proceedings or fulfil a legal obligation.

Offences and enforcement
Enforcement of the regulations was in the hands of the police, with provision being made for the local authority and the Secretary of State to designate additional people for some purposes.It was a criminal offence to breach the restrictions on movement, or without reasonable excuse to breach any of the gathering or business closure rules. Enforcement was by fixed penalty notice (£60 for a first offence, halved for prompt payment) or by prosecution.A police officer had the power to direct anyone in breach of the restrictions on movement to return home, and to direct unlawful public gatherings to disperse, in both cases using force if necessary. Failure to comply was an offence.

Expiry
The regulations were set to expire on 26 September 2020, but in the event were revoked on 4 July 2020.

Amendments of 22 April 2020
SI 2020/350 was amended on 22 April 2020, after 26 days, by The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/447).

Legal basis
As with the original regulations, this statutory instrument was introduced by Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, using emergency powers under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The legal basis for the use of the powers was stated to be as before. The regulations came into force at 11.00am on April, and were laid before parliament at 12.30pm on the same day. The Secretary of State again used section 45R of the 1984 act to enact the regulations "by reason of urgency" subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days.

Changes to the regulations
SI 2020/447 corrected some errors in the original drafting, and dealt with some unintended consequences. In connection with the restrictions on movement, it changed the wording from "no person may leave the place where they are living without reasonable excuse" to "no person may leave or be outside of the place where they are living without reasonable excuse" – thereby requiring a person travelling outside the home to have a reasonable excuse for the entire away-from-home period, and not just at the point of leaving the property.
To allow people to grieve for lost friends or household members, a new 'reasonable excuse' was added to allow some visits to burial grounds and gardens of remembrance. It was made clear that outdoor swimming pools must remain closed, but that livestock markets could continue. Cash points could also remain operational.

Amendments of 13 May 2020
SI 2020/350 was again amended on 13 May 2020, after a further 20 days, by The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) (No. 2) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/500).

Legal basis
As with the original regulations, this statutory instrument was introduced by Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, using emergency powers under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The legal basis for the use of the powers was stated to be as before. The regulations came into force at midnight prior to 13 May, and were laid before parliament at 9.30am on the same day. The Secretary of State again used section 45R of the 1984 act to enact the regulations "by reason of urgency" subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days.

Changes to the regulations
SI 2020/500 provided for the opening of garden centres and outdoor sports courts. It expanded the list of "reasonable excuses" for leaving home to permit people to collect goods that had been pre-ordered from a business; to use a waste or recycling centre; and to move home and engage in related activities such as viewing properties to buy or rent.The rules on exercise away from the home were relaxed to allow it to be taken with several members of the same household or with one member of another household. Visits to public open spaces (including public gardens) for the purposes of open-air recreation were also allowed, again if desired with several members of the same household or with one member of another household.The fixed penalty for a first breach of the regulations was increased from £60 to £100 – as before, with a 50% reduction for prompt payment.

Amendments of 1 June 2020
SI 2020/350 was again amended on 1 June 2020, after a further 19 days, by The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) (No. 3) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/558).
The amendments increased the period for regular review of the regulations by the Secretary of State from 21 to 28 days.

Legal basis
As with the original regulations, this statutory instrument was introduced by Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, using emergency powers under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The legal basis for the use of the powers was stated to be as before. The regulations came into force at midnight prior to 1 June, and were laid before parliament at 11.30am on the same day. The Secretary of State again used section 45R of the 1984 act to enact the regulations "by reason of urgency" subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days.

Changes to business closures
Outdoor non-food markets could re-open, as could car showrooms. Outdoor sports amenities were also allowed to re-open, including water sports, stables, shooting and archery venues, golf courses and driving ranges.Some types of venue, previously not mentioned, were now explicitly required to remain closed including indoor games, recreation and entertainment venues, theme and adventure parks, social clubs, model villages, aquariums and zoos, and farm attractions. In addition, indoor visitor attractions at venues which were otherwise allowed to open had to remain closed, including shops and visitor centres (but not toilets).

Changes to restrictions on movement
SI 2020/558 made significant changes to the earlier regulations and swept away entirely the general prohibition against leaving home. It was replaced with a new general rule that "No person may, without reasonable excuse, stay overnight at any place other than the place where they are living." As before, this rule did not apply to homeless persons. The list of "reasonable excuses" was also new, and included: the need to stay elsewhere while moving house, to attend certain funerals, to fulfil a legal obligation or participate in legal proceedings; or where it is reasonably necessary for work purposes or the provision of voluntary services, to provide care to a vulnerable person, to obtain medical assistance or provide emergency assistance, or to avoid injury or illness or escape a risk of harm.It was also permitted to stay away overnight in order to continue existing child-access arrangements between parents; when the home was unsafe or unavailable; or where the person could not lawfully travel there or was required by law to stay elsewhere.Additional exemptions were made for elite athletes, including permission to stay overnight away from home.

Changes to restrictions on gatherings
The previous regulation that restricted public gatherings was swept away, and was replaced by a new general prohibition that applied not only to public places but also to private places. This banned outdoor gatherings of more than six people, and all indoor gatherings of any size.  A 'gathering' for this purpose was when two or more people were present together in the same place in order to engage in any form of social interaction with each other, or to undertake any other activity with each other. Outdoor gatherings of six or fewer people were allowed, no matter how many households were represented.A list of exceptions to this general rule was given (the list being exhaustive, without any open-ended "reasonable excuse" provision). The exceptions were: where all the persons in the gathering were members of the same household; certain funeral gatherings; or where the gathering was reasonably necessary for work or voluntary services, to facilitate a house move, to provide care to a vulnerable person, to provide emergency assistance, to avoid injury or illness or to escape a risk of harm, or to continue existing child-access arrangements between parents.Gatherings for education (within an educational facility) and registered early years childcare were also permitted, thus allowing schools to re-open.  Places of worship could again be used by registered early years childcare providers.Additional exemptions were made for elite athletes, including the use of indoor elite training facilities.

Changes to offences and enforcement
The previous offence of leaving or being away from home without reasonable excuse was abolished. It was replaced with a new offence of staying away from home overnight, without reasonable excuse. The police had the power to direct any person breaching the rule to return home.The police continued to have the power to break up unlawful gatherings and to direct people to return home. Where the gathering was in a public place (but not where it was private) they further had the power to remove persons to their homes, using force if necessary.

Amendments of 13 & 15 June 2020
SI 2020/350 was amended on 12 June 2020, after a further 11 days, by The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment No. 4) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/588).

Legal basis
As with the original regulations, this statutory instrument was introduced by Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, using emergency powers under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The legal basis for the use of the powers was stated to be as before. The regulations came into force at on 13 and 15 June, and were laid before parliament at 2.30pm on 12 June, the first occasion that amendments had been presented to parliament before they entered into force. The Secretary of State again used section 45R of the 1984 act to enact the regulations "by reason of urgency" subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days.

Changes to business closures
Under previous regulations, most retail businesses were required to close unless they appeared on a list of specific exemptions. SI 2020/588 reversed this, allowing businesses to re-open from 15 June 2021 unless on a list of prohibitions. This was reported as allowing "non-essential stores" to start operating again.Businesses which remained prohibited from opening include restaurants, cafes, bars, pubs; theatres, concert halls; most cinemas, museums & galleries; nightclubs, social clubs, bingo halls, casinos; barbers, massage parlours and certain other personal service venues; swimming pools, skating rinks, gyms, playgrounds; funfairs, theme parks, model villages; certain indoor facilities including leisure and entertainment venues, sports courts, fitness studios and soft play areas; indoor attractions (apart from shops) at otherwise-outdoor venues such as gardens, heritage sites, and places with outdoor animal exhibits including farms, zoos and safari parks. Libraries still had to remain closed.In addition to the general re-opening of retail businesses, there were some more specific relaxations of the rules. Betting shops and auction houses could re-open, as could drive-in cinemas (but not other cinemas) and retail art galleries. Outdoor animal-related attractions such as farms, zoos and safari parks could open, as could most indoor shops within visitor attractions that were otherwise outside.Where a library, a place of worship, or any business that was still required to remain closed had a shop in a self-contained unit with its own separate entrance, that shop could open. Similarly, a cafe in a self-contained unit was allowed to sell food and drink but for consumption off the premises only.Places of worship could again be used for private prayer (but not for communal worship). The restrictions on community centres were relaxed to allow them once again to host indoor markets.

Changes to restrictions on gatherings and freedom of movement
SI 2020/588 introduced from 13 June the concept of "linked households" (described by the government as "support bubbles"). This in limited circumstances allowed two previously-separate households to be treated as one for the purpose of meeting up (being part of a 'gathering', to use the wording of the regulation) either outside or indoors. It also allowed the members of one household to stay overnight at the home of the other.In order to become linked, one of the households had to consist of exactly one adult (no more), while the other could have any number of adults. Both households could include any number of children under the age of 18 on 12 June 2020. All the adults had to agree to the linking, and each household could become linked to only one other household.  If the linkage was later broken, neither household could subsequently link with any other.The rules on gatherings were also relaxed from 13 June to allow medical appointments and births to be accompanied, and to permit certain visits to people in hospital, hospices and care homes. Some visits could also be made, regardless of location, to any person that the visitor reasonably believed to be dying. Where necessary the visitor in each of these situations was also allowed to stay overnight away from home.

Review
The powers granted by SI 2020/350 had to be reviewed every 28 days. On 16 April, the government extended the lockdown for a further 21 days (to 7 May).

Revocation 4 July 2020
On 4 July 2020 the regulations were revoked in their entirety and were replaced with The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (No. 2) (England) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/684). These regulations relaxed many of the restrictions, but introduced a new power for the Secretary of State to close outdoor public areas.

Government announcements
On 23 March the Cabinet Office and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government issued guidance listing the affected types of businesses, premises and venues, and the exceptions; this document was reissued on 13 May to reflect the SI 2020/500 amendments, and for the first time referenced separate guidance issued by the three devolved administrations.Following SI 2020/500, the government published updated guidance on spending time outdoors, and updated earlier guidance around moving home.Contrary to widespread media reports that people could only exercise once per day, neither the initial regulations nor the amendments make any mention of frequency or duration; nor did they require people by law to maintain the recommended two-metre separation.

Response
The cross-bench peer and human rights barrister David Anderson said:
...while the chosen legal basis of the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984 may be held to be sufficient for the remarkable restriction on liberty that is Regulation 6, that is not, perhaps, a foregone conclusion.
Barrister Kevin Holder said:
The list of reasonable excuses set out in Regulation 6(2) is non-exhaustive, however citizens should exercise caution when considering undertaking activities outside those specifically sanctioned, as they may have to justify them as constituting a "reasonable excuse" to Police and the Courts. It should be borne in mind given that the circumstances listed in Regulation 6(2) are comprehensive (and in some respects generous), the Police and Judiciary are likely to be conservative in determining what constitutes "reasonable excuse."  
Lawyer and legal journalist David Allen Green said:
These provisions – which are alongside prohibitions on freedom of assembly, freedom of worship and freedom to conduct business – are the most illiberal laws imposed in England since at least the second world war. [...] All this is justified – there is a public health emergency, and the powers under the 1984 Act exist for just this sort of emergency.
However, following amendment by SI 2020/447, Green also said:
This is literally incredible: parliament is now back in session, and so there is no good reason whatsoever for the amendments (and the regulations) to avoid having parliamentary approval.The government – even in an emergency – should not be in the habit of creating or extending criminal offences by ministerial fiat when parliament is sitting. [...] Something worrying is happening here.
Former Justice of the Supreme Court, Lord Sumption, said that there is no moral or principled justification for these restrictions, saying:

A society in which the Government can confine most of the population without controversy is not one in which civilised people would want to live

Legal challenges
Businessman Simon Dolan sought judicial review of the regulations on the following grounds:

Whether the regulations are unlawful because they are outside of the powers conferred by Parliament,
Whether the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care had acted unlawfully by, fettering his discretion to review the Regulations by requiring that five tests be met before reviewing the Regulations, failing to take relevant considerations into account in the decision-making process, acting irrationally in making or maintaining the Regulations or failing to act proportionately when deciding not to terminate the Regulations,
Whether the restrictions on movement contained in the regulations involved a breach of the right to liberty guaranteed by Article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Whether the restrictions on movement and gathering contained in the regulations involved a breach of the right to a private and family life guaranteed by Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Whether the requirement to close places of worship breaches the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion guaranteed by Article 9 of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Whether the restriction on gatherings breaches the right to freedom of assembly and association guaranteed by Article 11 of the European Convention on Human Rights
Whether the regulations involve a deprivation of property or an unlawful control on the use of property, and
Whether requiring schools to close constitutes a breach of Article 2 of the first protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights.These claims were all dismissed by Mr Justice Lewis on 6 July 2020. The judge concluded that:  

 The Secretary of State had the legal power to make the Regulations. In making and maintaining the Regulations, he has not fettered his discretion. He has had regard to relevant considerations. He has not acted irrationally. He has not acted disproportionately.
 The claim to challenge the restrictions on movement and gatherings in the original regulations 6 and 7 are academic as those regulations have been replaced. The challenge to the 18 March 2020 announcement relating to schools is also academic in the circumstances. Permission to apply for judicial review to challenge those regulations and that decision is refused.
 The amended regulation 6 in force on 2 July 2020 requiring persons not to stay overnight other than where they live is not even arguably a deprivation of liberty within the meaning of Article 5 of the Convention. Permission to challenge that regulation is refused.
 The Regulations in force on 2 July 2020 did involve a restriction on the freedom of assembly and association. That freedom is an important one in a democratic society. The context in which the restrictions were imposed, however, was of a global pandemic where a novel, highly infectious disease capable of causing death was spreading and was transmissible between humans. There was no known cure and no vaccine. There was a legal duty to review the restrictions periodically and to end the restrictions if they were no longer necessary to achieve the aim of reducing the spread and the incidence of coronavirus. The Regulations would end after six months in any event. In those, possible unique, circumstances, there is no realistic prospect that a court would find that regulations adopted to reduce the opportunity for transmission by limiting contact between individuals was disproportionate. Permission to apply for judicial review on that ground is refused.
 The Regulations do not, even arguably, involve a breach of the right to respect for private and family life guaranteed by Article 8 of the Convention or of the first claimant's property rights under Article 1 of the First Protocol to the Convention. Permission to challenge the Regulations on those grounds is refused.
The decision to deny a judicial review of the regulations was subsequently challenged by Simon Dolan. On 4 August 2020, Lord Justice Hickinbotom overturned the decision of Mr Justice Lewis allowing for permission to appeal in a full and open court. Lord Justice Hickinbotom stated that he was persuaded that the claims potentially raise fundamental issues concerning the proper sphere for democratically accountable ministers and that the grounds should be considered by the full court in open court.On 1 December 2020 the Court of Appeal published their judgement and dismissed the challenges raised against the regulations. The court found that the only argument for which judicial review could be sought was the vires argument (that the secretary of state did not have a legal authority to make the regulations). The court found that the secretary of state did in fact have the requisite powers to make the regulations and therefore dismissed this claim. The court refused permission to appeal the findings of Mr Justice Lewis in respect of domestic law arguments or the arguments that had been made under the Human Rights Act 1998.

See also
Coronavirus Act 2020
Health Protection (Coronavirus) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (No. 2) (England) Regulations 2020
COVID-19 local lockdown regulations in England
Health Protection (Coronavirus, Wearing of Face Coverings on Public Transport) (England) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Wearing of Face Coverings in a Relevant Place) (England) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, International Travel) (England) Regulations 2020
List of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom, 2020

References
Bibliography
"SI 327". Legislation.gov.uk. 21 March 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Business Closure) (England) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 1 June 2020.
"SI 350". Legislation.gov.uk. 26 March 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 1 June 2020.
"SI 447". Legislation.gov.uk. 22 April 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 1 June 2020.
"SI 500". Legislation.gov.uk. 12 May 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) (No. 2) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 1 June 2020.
"SI 558". Legislation.gov.uk. 31 May 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) (No. 3) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 1 June 2020.
"SI 588". Legislation.gov.uk. 12 June 2020. The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) (Amendment) (No 4) Regulations 2020. Retrieved 13 June 2020.
"Dolan & Ors v Secretary of State for Health And Social Care & Anor [2020] EWHC 1786". bailii.org. 6 July 2020.
"Dolan & Ors, R (On the Application Of) v Secretary of State for Health And Social Care & Anor [2020] EWCA Civ 1605". bailii.org. 1 December 2020.

External links
Official website
The Health Protection (Coronavirus) (Restrictions) (Scotland) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus Restrictions) (Wales) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) Regulations (Northern Ireland) 2020
Coronavirus outbreak FAQs: guidance for England from the Cabinet Office (via Internet Archive)
29 March: first issued (archived 1 April)
1 May: following SI 2020/447 (archived 1 May)
11 May: for upcoming SI 2020/500 relaxations (archived 11 May)
1 June: for SI 2020/558 relaxations (archived 1 June)
12 June: for upcoming SI 2020/588 relaxations (archived 13 June)
24 June: for 4 July relaxations (archived 24 June)
Coronavirus: Business re-opening – House of Commons Library briefing paper, 6 July; compares the four nationsFry jacks are a traditional dish in the Belizean cuisine. They are deep fried dough pieces served as a breakfast item, and can be shaped as circles or triangles.

Overview
Fry jacks are not unique to Belize. Other names are used in various countries around the world including beignets in New Orleans (United States), sopaipillas in Mexico, other Latin American countries and the Southwestern United States, or simply ‘fried dough’.Preparation begins with flour and other ingredients, typically including baking powder, salt, vegetable oil and water. The mix is then pan-cooked. Preparation involves creating the dough and then allowing it time to proof, or rise. Once the dough has risen, the dough is rolled out and then cut into strips or pieces. After being pan-cooked in oil, they may be topped with ingredients such as jam, beans or cheese.

See also
Biscuit
List of fried dough foods
Pancake
Poori

References
Further reading
S. (2013, April 25). Fry Jacks(Belize). Fry Jacks Belize) Recipe. Retrieved from http://www.food.com/recipe/fry-jacks-belize-499428
Flavors of Belize, Belize Cooking, Belize Recipes. (n.d.). Flavors of Belize, Belize Cooking, Belize Recipes. Retrieved from http://www.flavorsofbelize.com/#!fry-jacks/c11yk
Kessler, A. (n.d.). Authentic Belizean Recipes – Fry Jacks. Live in Belize Retire in Belize Belize LifeStyle. Retrieved from http://belizelifestyle.com/authentic-belizean-recipes-fry-jacks/
A. (n.d.). Calories in Fry Jacks. SparkRecipes. Retrieved from https://archive.today/20131204194953/http://recipes.sparkpeople.com/recipe-calories.asp?recipe=315004
How to Make Belizean Fry Jacks | Belize Travel Blog. (n.d.). Belize Travel Blog. Retrieved from https://web.archive.org/web/20131217224729/http://belize-travel-blog.chaacreek.com/2012/08/how-to-make-belizean-fry-jacks/Dragon boat racing at the 2012 Asian Beach Games was held in Haiyang, China from 17 June to 19 June 2012.

Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Results
Men
200 m
18 June

Finals
500 m
17 June

Finals
3000 m
19 June

Women
200 m
18 June

Finals
500 m
17 June

Finals
3000 m
19 June

References
Official WebsiteBaghrān (Pashto: بغران) is the northernmost district in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. Its population, which is 99% Pashtun and 1% Hazara, was estimated at 82,018 in 2002. The district centre is the village of Baghran; there are around 450 villages in the district.
Dominated by the Baghran Valley, a traditional stronghold of traditionalist Afghan Pashtun tribal power, Baghran saw significant military clashes during the Russian occupation.  Rais-al-Baghrani, a former Taliban leader, recently agreed to cooperate with the Government of Afghanistan and the Coalition forces, under the Programme Takm-e-sol (Reconciliation and Forgiveness). Baghran district's primary produce (after opium poppies) is wheat.

References
UNHCR District Profile, dated 2002-12-31, accessed 2006-07-28 (PDF).

External links
Map of Baghran district (PDF)Reverend Fitz Balintine Pettersburg was a proto-Rastafari preacher, and author of the Royal Parchment Scroll of Black Supremacy, published in 1926. He influenced Leonard Howell, who according to author Barry Chevannes, plagiarised the Royal Parchment Scroll in his 1935 book The Promise Key.


== Notes ==Alga (Russian: Алга) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative center of Alginsky Selsoviet, Davlekanovsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 295 as of 2010.


Piedmont Interstate Fairgrounds is a half mile (0.8 km) dirt oval near Spartanburg, South Carolina. The track held NASCAR Grand National races in the 1950s and 1960s.

History
An October 1908 program was found for a horse trotting and racing event at the fair. The first car racing event was held at the track in 1939 and it was promoted by Joe Littlejohn; he promoted events at the track until 1966.Littlejohn was one of 35 people who attended Bill France Sr.'s 1947 meeting which led to the formation of NASCAR; Piedmont was a major hub in NASCAR's first two decades. It held 22 Grand National Series races between 1953 and 1966 as well as two NASCAR Convertible Series races (1956 and 1957). Afterward the NASCAR races ended, the track held races during the fair in (North America) autumn. The track was regraded in 2002 for a legends race to benefit a local racing museum; by 2005 the idea of a museum was scrapped. According to the local visitor's bureau website (in 2017), the track hasn't held a regular schedule of races for many years (although some of the racing surface remains visible).

Results
NASCAR Grand National Series
results

NASCAR Convertible Series
results

References
External links
Race results at RacingReference.comEric John Dobson, FBA (16 August 1913 – 31 March 1984) was an Australian philologist. He was the Professor of English Language at the University of Oxford from 1964 to 1980.

Early life
Dobson was born on 16 August 1913 in New South Wales. He attended North Sydney Boys High School and then the University of Sydney, graduating with a first-class degree in English in 1934 (he won the university medal for the subject). Among other contemporary scholars in the department were A. G. Mitchell, Wes Milgate, H. J. Oliver and Neil Burgess.After graduating, Dobson joined the English department at Sydney as a tutor in 1934; his colleagues included Mitchell, E. R. Holme, R. G. Howarth and A. J. A. Waldock. In 1935, Dobson secured the Wentworth Travelling Fellowship, allowing him to come to England to study. He completed the honours school of English at Merton College, Oxford, studying under C. L. Wrenn and Edmund Blunden and graduating with a first-class degree in 1937. He was awarded the Harmsworth Senior Scholarship which funded doctoral studies at Merton College under C. T. Onions. His research explored the pronunciation of English words in the 16th and 17th centuries; the DPhil degree was finally awarded in 1951.

Academia
In the meantime, Dobson had been appointed lecturer in English at the University of Reading (1940), though he spent part of the Second World War working in Naval Intelligence. He returned to Oxford in 1948 to take up lectureships at Jesus College and St Edmund Hall. He was appointed Reader in English Language at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Jesus College in 1954. That year, his first book appeared: an edition of The Hymn to the Virgin. He also published his doctoral thesis as English Pronunciation, 1500–1700 (1957), and wrote The Phonetic Writings of Robert Robinson (1957). In 1961, he was given a personal chair at Oxford and in 1964 he was appointed to the Professorship of English Language. He edited a version of the Ancrene Wisse in 1966, authored Moralities on the Gospels (1975) and wrote The Origins of Ancrene Wisse (1976); he compiled with F. Ll. Harrison Medieval English Songs (1979) and edited Seinte Katerine with S. R. T. O. d'Ardenne in 1981. He retired from his professorship in 1980.Dobson was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 1973 and was presented with a Festschrift, Five Hundred Years of Words and Sounds in 1983. He died on 31 March 1984.


Sir Piers Jacobs  (Chinese: 翟克誠; 27 May 1933 – 23 September 1999) was Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1986 to 1991, a period that included the 1987 market crash, when he oversaw the closure of the stock exchange and notably refused to bail out the Bank of Credit and Commerce International. He also was Secretary for Economic Services from 1982 to 1986.A solicitor by profession, Jacobs held a number of senior corporate positions, including in later life: senior vice-chairman and director of CLP Holdings, chairman and director of Sir Elly Kadoorie and Sons, and chairman of the Kadoorie Farm and Botanic Garden Corporation.

Personal life, and death
Born in the United Kingdom, Jacobs was married with one daughter. He died in Hong Kong on 23 September 1999, survived by his wife and daughter.


Beinn na Caillich is a mountain at the eastern end of the Isle of Skye, in Scotland. It is situated to the west of Kyle Rhea, about 4 km south-east of Kyleakin. Confusingly, there is another hill named Beinn na Caillich on Skye with an identical height in the Red Cuillin, 4 km west of Broadford.
It is often climbed along with its slightly higher neighbour, Sgurr na Coinnich, which is 1 km to the south-west.


The Mayor of Caserta is an elected politician who, along with the Caserta's City Council, is accountable for the strategic government of Caserta in Campania, Italy. The current Mayor is Carlo Marino, a member of the Democratic Party, who took office on 21 June 2016.

Overview
According to the Italian Constitution, the Mayor of Caserta is member of the City Council.
The Mayor is elected by the population of Caserta, who also elects the members of the City Council, controlling the Mayor's policy guidelines and is able to enforce his resignation by a motion of no confidence. The Mayor is entitled to appoint and release the members of his government.
Since 1993 the Mayor is elected directly by Caserta's electorate: in all mayoral elections in Italy in cities with a population higher than 15,000 the voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives at least 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.

Italian Republic (since 1946)
City Council election (1946-1993)
From 1946 to 1993, the Mayor of Caserta was elected by the City's Council.

Direct election (since 1993)
Since 1993, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Caserta is chosen by direct election.


The Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus (statuted 1910) is the leader of a fraternal order claiming legacy and contingency to the medieval Catholic military order, the Order of Saint Lazarus.
It claims continuity by assertion that during the period from 1814 to 1841, the order was under the direction of the Council of Officers with King Louis XVIII (1814-1824) and King Charles X (1824-1831) as Protectors of the joint Orders, and was then passed on, evolving into the current list of Grand Masters.

Council of Officers
The Order lost its Royal Protection in 1831 but, according to some pretensions, continued to function under the direction of the Council of Officers.

Modern Order of Saint Lazarus
The period following the loss of Temporal Protection of the French Royal Family in 1831 until 1910 is controversial. Some claim that the order did not survive, whereas some claim the period is at best shrouded in mystery since no contemporary documentation seems to have survived.
Modern tradition of the Order of Saint Lazarus (statuted 1910) maintains that, after 1841, the Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarchs assumed the leadership of the Order, as Hospitaller Nobles of St. Lazarus.

Malta obedience
Paris obedience
United Order  (reunification of the former Malta and Paris obediences)
Orléans obedience (since 2004)
References
External links
Malta-Paris obedience of the Military and Hospitaller Order of Saint Lazarus of Jerusalem (under the Grand Mastership of Francisco de Borbón y Hardenberg)
Orléans obedience of the Military and Hospitaller Order of Saint Lazarus of Jerusalem (under the Grand Mastership of Jan Dobrzensky z Dobrzenic)
Research Library maintained by the Office of the Grand Archivist & Historian of the united MHOSLJ (this source provides access to the full original cartulary of the Order with original documents, including all the relevant original Papal Bulls, dating back to the 12th century)Nallathur is a revenue village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu, India.

External links
Official Web Site of Cuddalore District
Official website of Tamil Nadu
Government of Tamil Nadu


Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Electra, after the Greek mythological figure, Electra:

HMS Electra (1806) was a 16-gun brig-sloop launched in 1806 and wrecked in 1808.
HMS Electra (1808) was a 16-gun brig-sloop, previously the French Espiegle. She was captured in 1808 by HMS Sybille and was sold in 1816.
HMS Electra (1837) was an 18-gun sloop launched in 1837 and sold in 1862.
HMS Electra (1896) was a  Brazen-class destroyer launched in 1896 and reclassified as a C-class destroyer in 1913.  She was sold for scrapping in 1920.
HMS Electra (H27) was an E-class destroyer launched in 1934 and sunk in 1942.Jeong Yeong-chong (Korean: 정영총; born 24 June 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for FC Namdong in K4 League.

Career
He signed with Jeju United in January 2015. He scored his debut goal for Jeju United against FC Seoul on 6 June 2016.

References
External links
Jeong Yeong-chong – K League stats at kleague.com (in Korean)Taylor Walter-Lee Trammell ( truh-MEL; born September 13, 1997) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Early life
Trammell was born in Powder Springs, Georgia, the youngest son of Walter and Cynthia Trammell. His father worked in the U.S. Navy as a linguist and for the U.S. Postal Service. His mother worked at Sam's Club for more than twenty years. His older brother, Kyle, played college football for Mercer.Trammell attended Mount Paran Christian School in Kennesaw, Georgia. He played both baseball and football. As a junior football player, he scored 13 touchdowns en route to a state championship and hit .500, drove in more than 30 runs and stole more than 30 bases for his travel baseball team. Trammell played in the Under Armour All-America Baseball Game in August 2015. Early in his senior year of high school, he was described in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution as "arguably Georgia's best two-sport stud." As a senior baseball player, he hit .463, stole 29 bases and hit nine home runs. He was also named the high school football Offensive Player of the Year in Georgia's smallest classification after rushing for 2,500 yards and 38 touchdowns. He committed to play college baseball for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.

Career
Cincinnati Reds
Considered a top prospect for the 2016 Major League Baseball draft, the Cincinnati Reds selected Trammell with the 35th overall pick. He signed with the Reds and was assigned to the Billings Mustangs of the Rookie-level Pioneer League, posting a .303 batting average with two home runs, 34 RBIs, six triples and 24 stolen bases in 61 games. In 2017, he played for the Dayton Dragons of the Class A Midwest League, where he slashed .281/.368/.450 along with 13 home runs, 77 RBIs and 41 stolen bases in 129 games, and in 2018 he played for the Daytona Tortugas of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League, batting .277 with eight home runs, 41 RBIs and 25 stolen bases in 110 games. He represented the Reds in the All-Star Futures Game and was named the MVP of the game after hitting a go-ahead home run along with a triple. The Reds invited Trammell to spring training in 2019 as a non-roster player. He began 2019 with the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Class AA Southern League, and again appeared in the All-Star Futures Game.

San Diego Padres
On July 30, 2019, the Reds traded Trammell to the San Diego Padres in a three-team trade, where the Reds acquired Trevor Bauer and the Indians acquired Yasiel Puig, Scott Moss, Franmil Reyes, Logan Allen, and Victor Nova. The Padres assigned Trammell to the Amarillo Sod Poodles of the Class AA Texas League.

Seattle Mariners
On August 30, 2020, the Padres traded Trammell, Ty France, Andrés Muñoz, and Luis Torrens to the Seattle Mariners for Austin Nola, Dan Altavilla, and Austin Adams. On November 20, 2020, Trammell was added to the 40-man roster.Trammell made his MLB debut for the Mariners on April 1, 2021 playing center field against the San Francisco Giants. In his debut he was walked twice, including drawing a bases loaded walk in the bottom of the eighth inning for his first MLB RBI. Trammell collected his first hit on April 3, an RBI double that scored Evan White, in the bottom of the fourth inning.

References
External links
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball Reference (Minors)Cacoma is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Huambo.

See also
Communes of Angola


The American Bicycle Association (ABA) is a US-based BMX sports governing body in Gilbert, Arizona. In 2011, the ABA merged with the former National Bicycle League and formed the current USA BMX. The organization was founded by Merl Mennenga and Gene Roden in 1977. It is the largest BMX sanctioning body in the world. The ABA currently sanctions tracks in the United States under USA BMX and in Canada under BMX Canada.

History
In 1977, Merl Mennenga founded the ABA after dissatisfaction with the now-defunct International Bicycle Motocross (IBMX) (not to be confused with the International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)), where he worked as a track operator.
Following negative experiences with signing his son up for race event tours, Mennenga believed that many things were promised to BMX families but few of those promises were realized. This dissatisfaction and the lack of alternatives to the IBMX tracks near his hometown of Phoenix, Arizona was what compelled him to create the ABA.
He wanted an organization made up of average people like himself where average people would be treated honestly and with consideration and not out of motivation for quick profits. As George Trevino, the ABA's spokesman said at its founding in August 1977, it was formed for "...fostering competition and fair play in the sport of BMX racing."Mennenga sought efficiency and came up with the idea of the Direct transfer System as opposed to the Moto or Olympic system of graduating racers to the finals from the qualifying heats. It was easier to score and, therefore, the event could be run faster with fewer errors in paperwork. 
The first ABA National was held in 1978 in Azusa, California. At that time, it had 35 tracks and 3,000 members while the National Bicycle Association (NBA) had 50 tracks and 5,000 racers. The National Bicycle League (NBL) at the time had 18 tracks and approximately 4,100 riders. By 1979, two years after its founding, the ABA had put even greater distance between it and the older NBL, and passed the oldest and first sanctioning body the NBA to become the largest governing body in BMX. For a further period of two years the ABA continued to grow due to its reputation of honesty and efficiency. Mennenga designed and built the tracks that the nationals were run on.
There were criticisms, some legitimate like the perceived costly entry fees and subpar tracks that hosted nationals. There were also complaints of scheduling conflicts with the rival NBL and NBA, rules discrimination, and the general politics between the sanctioning bodies and promoters. Most of these concerns were the worry of some of the governing officers of the ABA and outside observers in the BMX press. However, except for the issues of entrance fees and the quality of the national tracks, the racers and families were largely unconcerned, reflected by the growth rate and attendance levels at both the local level and at its Nationals. The in-house tabloid newspaper, ABA Action, had current listings of points standings and race coverage, which were of direct concern to the racers. The ABA sought to serve the majority's needs and not the concerns, legitimate or otherwise, of the professional and expert racers, the BMX Press, and organizational politics.The current ABA is not the same organization as the American Bicycle Association that was formed in January 1975 by Bob Bailey in Torrance, California but ended operations in December 1975 (with only 20 paid members) after going bankrupt. David Clinton was its one and only No.1 racer. This organization is also not to be confused with the American Bicycle Motocross Association (ABMXA) that operated briefly for approximately two years from late 1974 to early 1976 and was headquartered in Reseda, California.

The BMX Action boycott
As the complaints from the BMX upper crust-the Pros and BMX Press-increased, the more Mennenga resented and took a defensive position. This defensiveness, which perhaps slowly calcified to an unwillingness to listen, helped to create an unorganized Pro rider boycott in 1983 and into part of 1984. It was led unofficially by Greg Hill, one of the most respected and winningest professionals at the time, and included legendary racers like Stu Thomsen over the alleged unfairness of its pro points system that was in place during that time. It was a long-standing complaint going back to Mr. Hill's 1980 objections to the 1979 season points scoring. An editorial boycott by Robert Osborn, the Managing Editor, Publisher and owner of BMX Action, a major BMX magazine, was over long-simmering slights perceived by Mr. Osborn at ABA events but the direct cause of his boycott was his being denied a photographer's pass at an ABA national in 1980. Mr. Osborn had printed unfavourable editorials in his magazine about the ABA. As a result, ABA racing events abruptly disappeared from the pages of BMX Action after the June 1983 issue when it covered the Winter Nationals in Chandler Arizona. Conversely, NBL Nationals and Renny Roker's NBL sanctioned ESPN Pro Spectacular races received lavish coverage, particularly the 1983 NBL Grand Nationals. It had a full 19 pages dedicated to it in the January 1984 issue. BMXA didn't even cover the ABA Grand National for 1983. In contrast, in its February 1985 issue it reported with photos of the United States Bicycle Association (USBA) race at the US BMX track in Azusa, California. The USBA was as time would show not merely an archrival of the ABA but an arch enemy. The ABA was mentioned only obliquely and incidentally, which had been the case for the previous year and a half. It was not until the March 1985 issue did it cover an ABA event, the 1984 Grand National. It was 20 months since the last ABA national BMX Action had reported on. Reportedly, BMX Action ended its editorial boycott in part due to an agreement with the ABA to cease publishing its in-house magazine Bicycles and Dirt.

Pro boycott
Some pros always had problems with how the ABA decided its number one pros for the year going back to the 1979 season. The biggest complaint that it was canted to have the points work out so that the number one pro would almost certainly be decided to go into the ABA's Grand National in November with the lion's share of the points being doled out then (the points that were earned was the amount of money that was earned through the year. At that time the ABA AA pro who won the most money was declared No. 1 pro). The pros claimed that this benefited the ABA since it meant an exciting finish to the season, but it was detrimental to the pros in that a season of consistent wins and near wins could be undone by having an off day and/or a normally inconsistent rider having a great day and capturing the number one plate. Other issues like a bigger pro purse and that the purse is spread out over eight places instead of the top four at ABA Nationals which would ensure anyone making the pro main would get a share of the winnings were also a factor. The claim was that while NBL, NBA, and independent promotional races' purses have gone up over the years, the ABA's purses had remained relatively stagnant.
The biggest irritants came in 1982. In that year, the ABA discarded their system in which how well a pro did during the season had at least some bearing on who became Number one Pro for the year. Previously to 1982, who won the most money decided who was number one Pro. A pro's winnings were his points. The reason for the change was that Kevin McNeal, the ABA Number One Pro for 1981, had a runway season and had wrapped up the title a full month before the Grand National, rendering the event vis a vis Number one Pro irrelevant. This resulted in a low turnout of big-name pros like Stu Thomsen and Greg Hill, both of whom opted to attend the NBL-sanctioned $10,000 pursed Knott's Berry Farm Mongoose International Grand Championships race being held the same weekend. Lack of pro attendance due to a foregone conclusion would mean lack of publicity for the ABA in the BMX press, which in turn would breed reluctance in both various BMX Industry and non-BMX industry-related companies to sponsor the Grand Nationals. The ABA wanted to make sure in 1982 that the pros attended their Grand Nationals and it was a relevant event.
In 1982 the Grand Nationals at least as far as the professionals were concerned was a one-event championship. Instead of how much was won over the year, the Pros were required to attend at least eight nationals with the top 28 money-winning pros, A or AA, eligible to compete in a special pro Car main in which the winning pro would receive a 1983 General Motors Pontiac Trans Am automobile and the title no. 1 Pro for 1982, continuing the new tradition of giving the number one pro a Trans Am. Kevin McNeal, No. 1 Pro for 1981 also received one, as did Brian's brother Brent in 1980. Brian Patterson was the pro who had earned the most money prior to the Grand National with $3,694 in winnings, so if the previous system of winning the number one plate was still in force, depending on how he did he probably would have won under the old system. Indeed, the situation would have been similar to Kevin McNeal, Brian Patterson had maintained the money lead since May.
Another great irritant was that it was open to all pros including A pros. Indeed, one pro was in the mains of the pro-car race and therefore had a real shot at becoming National no. 1 pro, despite being only an A pro. On top of everything else, A pro needn't have been a pro at the start of the season. An amateur could theoretically race the required number of nationals as an amateur, turn pro before the Grand National and have a shot at the Pro number one title and the car.
Not that winning the race was easy. For this race the ABA abandoned its own commitment to the transfer system and not only had the Pros run the qualifying rounds in the cumulative scoring manner, i.e. racing three times in the qualifying motos and the pros with the eight lowest point scores transfer to the Main, but the Main was also cumulative, but not merely run three times but five. This greatly reduced the luck factor and awarded the most consistent. However what grated against the pros' nerves that basically just one race was deciding the number one pro for the year. Brian Patterson eventually one the car and the plate (and also winning the conventional pro AA Main and Pro Open as well), but hardly any pros thought it was fair, least of all Greg Hill and not even the winner, Brian Patterson. By any account it was an exciting race for the season championship.Despite its laudable attributes to guard against luck it still can be regarded as rewarding a racer that happened to be hot that one day. After the '82 Grands, the pros vehemently protested this way of selecting its champion racer but apparently the ABA took a hard line. Another straw was that all of the pro classes would be subject to the transfer system just like the amateurs in the 1983 season instead of the cumulative system they were using for at least the qualifying rounds as they were before and during 1982.
Some of the top AA pros, Stu Thomsen, Harry Leary, Greg Hill, Brent and Brian Patterson among them, met with ABA officials before the 1983 Winternationals to discuss the method of choosing the National number one pro for the year. Dissatisfied with the ABA's response, many pros, most notably Greg Hill, shunned the ABA circuit and focused on the NBL and third-party sanctioning bodies like the regional United Bicycle Racers (UBR) and the National Pedal Sport Association (NPSA). This tactic was not new to Mr. Hill. He led a one-man boycott of the ABA during the 1980 season in part due to Mennenga's perceived lack of concern for an allegedly unsafe number of racers at the starting gate of a national. Mennenga allegedly said to Mr. Hill that the "...ABA doesn't cater to the Pros". Even Tommy Brackens who had a reputation of being low key and easy going had an alleged unpleasant run-in with the alleged intransigence of Merl Mennenga. During the 1982 Fall National in a semi moto race there was an exceedingly close finish for the fourth and last position to qualify for the main between Brackens and Jeff Kosmala at the finish line. Merl Mennenga called the race in Kosmala's favor and against Brackens. Brackens tried to make an official protest. Merl allegedly said check with the scorer as Mr. Brackens moved to do so. Larry Greer, the Race Director, allegedly threatened to have Brackens suspended for 30 days if he did not leave the track. Mennenga allegedly told Brackens shortly after that there would be no change in his call and whatever he says goes. Such was the relations Mennenga had with the Pros. Indeed, the ABA decided to reuse the same system it used in 1982 to decide the number one pro for 1983. As a result, many pros still feeling that they weren't being listen to stayed away from the ABA circuit and concentrated on the NBL and the NBA.As pro attendance slackened at ABA events there was a very noticeable fall in coverage of ABA Nationals by the BMX press. This was due to the lack of top tier pros and conflicting schedules with large purse NBL races and ESPN's Pro Spectacular events. For example, after covering the ABA Winter Nationals in depth in its June 1983 issue, BMX Plus! magazine did not cover a major ABA race for the rest of 1983 except the Grand National in its March 1984 issue. ABA races only warranted brief comment and the listings of race results in its "Checkpoint" section. This was an additional but unrelated effect of the boycott initiated by 'BMX Action, then the most respected BMX magazine. As noted, BMX Action's boycott started over perceived slights by the ABA when it noticed what it perceived as bad press by the magazine. With a large drop of coverage by the magazines, it became more difficult to get companies to sponsor ABA nationals, since the companies would not have the benefits of indirect advertising in the magazines.
He was not the only one by any means, but Greg Hill was the most obvious of the boycotters. He hadn't raced ABA since the Winter Nationals in February 1983. If anything was revealing of the Pro Boycott of the ABA during the 1983 season was the Pro Car Main of the 1983 ABA Grand Nationals. Several AA pros while respected were in the unusual position of contending for number one pro; and so were several "A" pros:
Clint Miller, Donny Atherton, Tinker Juarez, Dave Marietti, Brian Pascal, Joe Guerra, Brian Patterson and Brent Patterson.
Of that group only Brian and Brent Patterson and Clint Miller were considered first class "AA" pros or "Heavies". It was easy to note who was not in that pro lineup: Pete Loncarevich, Greg Hill, Harry Leary, Eric Rupe, Tommy Brackens to name a few. Stu Thomsen was in attendance but was ineligible for the Car/Number one pro race. Almost certainly as part of the boycott, he did not race in the prerequisite number of nationals. He did win Pro Cruiser and gained a second in Pro Open. Mike Miranda was eligible and raced but did not make the Car/Plate Mains.
Indeed, Brian Patterson won far and away more ABA races than any pro. However, that was tainted by the lack of higher caliber competition due to other first class pros boycotting the ABA. The only reason Brian Patterson was there was he was under contract to the ABA to race a certain amount of ABA Nationals as condition to winning and keeping his Trans Am in 1983.After a year of financial suffering and an eye of getting back into the pros' good graces for them to attend the ABA's upcoming revival of the Pro Spectaculars, the ABA gave in and changed the way it would decide its top pro for the upcoming 1984 season. Brian had easily won the title for 1983 and the car, a 1984 Trans Am, legitimizing the process in which the ABA required for Number 1 pro in 1983 since he was even before the Grand National the top money earner. However, this system was not used again for 1984 and the ABA went back to the system of how well a pro does during a season having a bearing on who wins ABA number one pro.
The pros were given a points system just like the amateurs. A first in the Main will earn a AA pro 240 points second 200, 160 for third and so on until six place would be worth 40 points. As in the amateur divisions the pros would earn rider points. The top ten pros would be determined by this points ranking. Additionally the best ten finishes at the nationals plus the Grand Nationals (making it eleven races) would count toward the pros eligibility to contend for the Pro #1 plate. Purse money would be distributed not only among the racers who made the main, but also those who got to the semis or even didn't make it that far, so practically everyone got something for racing, even if it was just a one hundred percent payback on their entrance fee.
Greg Hill still refused to race ABA races because he allegedly hated the ABA's direct transfer system in which the winner of the first moto would then sit out and not race the second and third cycle of motos until the Main, or if the race is big enough, the semis, quarter semis, etc. He and many other racers preferred the NBL's Olympic or cumulative system in which the qualifying rounds would be run three times and the average place in each round would be added and the four lowest numbers would advance to the main. This system put a premium on consistency while the Transfer System was a little closer to luck, both good and bad for a racer. The ABA used a similar system during its controversial 1982 and 1983 Grand Nationals to choose its number one title to minimize anyone lucking into or out of the title. Also, points are awarded in the motos in the Cumulative System as well as the main so the racer doesn't walk away with nothing if he doesn't advance. Hill's objections seem odd considering he would race in the future sanctioning body the United States Bicycle Association (USBA) which used the transfer system. The USBA did offer larger, more consistent pro purses than the ABA generally.
Still by then Hill was in the minority and notable and lauded pros Like Stu Thomsen and Harry Leary returned to the ABA circuit, even with the change in the system, many times in future seasons the race that decided the number one pro for the year was decided during the Grand National. The difference it was not by design so everyone won, both the pros and the ABA.
With the return of the pros, the BMX press followed and with them advertising revenue, just in time for the Spectaculars. However, Mennenga had in the interim taken an-ill-advised course to go around the BMX press and attract advertisers.

"BAD"
The boycott of ABA events by BMX Action was very troublesome to Mennenga. It is very likely that he remembered BMX Actions (read Bob Osborn's) boycott of the by then defunct National Bicycle Association (NBA) during the 1980 season and how the reduced coverage damaged its prestige, perhaps fatally in its previously weakened state. Mennenga probably realized the lack of exposure in a major magazine could cause trouble for it.
While BMX Action's deliberate boycott was damaging, it was not the only reason the ABA was receiving reduced coverage in the BMX press, including in BMX Action's biggest competitors BMX Plus! and Super BMX. Many ABA nationals coincided with important NBL nationals and considering there was an informal pro boycott of ABA nationals with the most prominent pros competing in the NBL and second tier sanctioning bodies like the United Bicycle Racers (UBR) and with those races were often scheduled on the same weekend as ABA events, the press followed. This led to a further decrease in coverage with the ABA events only getting one page, half page or even just a blurb in the "Breaking News" section of a major BMX publication, for instance BMX Plus! 's "Check Point", which as previously mentioned due to lack of top pros at ABA events did not cover any ABA races in depth for eight months. The BMX industry noticed this of course. In consequence, there were fewer BMX and non-BMX companies willing to sponsor, i.e. invest in, ABA events with the fewer direct and indirect advertising possibilities like a race team and/or particular racer they were sponsoring having a win reported in detail or even a company banner appearing in the background of a photograph by happenstance that would be printed in a major BMX magazine. Those companies could not only stop sponsoring and co-sponsoring ABA races, but also stop sending their expensive race teams to ABA Nationals. Also, the rank and file non-sponsored BMX racers-the vast majority-could stop attending ABA events if they perceive a lack of press coverage and a lack of big name pros and amateurs they wanted to see and race against stop participating. The in-house ABA Action newspaper was not enough since it was restricted to ABA members and therefore it had a limited audience in comparison to a newsstand magazine. The obvious solution afforded to the ABA was to create its own magazine. In 1982 Mennenga created Bicycles and Dirt to circumvent the established press and attract advertisers. The first issue of Bicycles and Dirt or BAD, premiered with the September 1982 issue. Contrary to Mennenga's expectations, advertisers did not flock to the new magazine, despite its built-in audience. Like the newspaper ABA Action it was a subscription only magazine at the time. With this in mind the ABA put BAD on newsstands a year after its premier with Stu Thomsen on the cover of its September issue. It did not change the situation. The financial woes of BAD only grew worse and worse. However, instead of cutting one's losses after a few issues as most publishers would do, Mennenga continued to throw good money after bad and pump ABA funds into the ill-conceived and ill-executed venture. Eventually, it became clear to Mennenga that the ABA could not sustain the loss and there was no hope of a turnaround, and an agreement with BMX Action magazine cease publication as a condition to end its editorial boycott he folded Bicycles and Dirt with the September 1984 issue.Stopping the hemorrhaging that was BAD was too little, too late, the magazine had bled the ABA white and left it on the verge of bankruptcy. On top of the BAD affair came the rising cost of the insurance crises of the early 1980s with its skyrocketing rates. This affected every sanctioning body, but given the ABA's greatly weakened state it was life-threatening to it. By 1984 the first indications of the plateauing of the popularity of BMX was the flattening growth in memberships and the falling off of attendance of nationals. Some of this was caused by the growing popularity of BMX Freestyle siphoning potential racers from BMX and the beginnings of the resurgence of skateboarding, both of which would explode in popularity by 1985.

Pro Spectaculars
Another financial drain was the Pro Spectacular concept. The 1985 edition was a revival of a similar experiment abandoned in 1980 after bad financial losses. It was noted at the time that Professional BMX in particular and BMX as a whole was not a mature enough sport for the concept to be a success. In 1984 the ABA felt its time had come. As noted, by 1984 there was a perceptible drop in the popularity in BMX racing, at least on the local level. The slight dip in sales of BMX bicycles built for racing was out stripped by the explosive growth in BMX freestyle bicycles. Track operators all noticed a decline in new entrances in the beginner's class at local tracks. The unsponsored beginner, novice and intermediate classes are the bread and butter of local races. Indeed, the unsponsored amateur, even in the expert classes are the vast majority in any sanctioning body. Any drop in the influx of new riders at the local level is a clear bellwether of trouble. A way must be had to generate and spread knowledge of BMX to the general public and draw more youngsters into the sport-and repair the very bad Pro-ABA relations.
The idea of the Pro Spectacular was inspired from Motorcycle Motocross Supercross. Professional only events held in indoor arenas with tracks that were built with greater difficulty to enthuse the spectators who were attracted by heavy television promotion. The intent, highly successful in the MX world, was to turn MX from almost a strictly participatory sport into a sport that would have great appeal to spectators, who like in most team sports like baseball and football would pay entrance fees to watch. Like in Supercross the ABA restricted the event to pros, eliminating the amateur and children classes and whenever possible held its Spectaculars indoors like in Supercross (this also reduced the politics inherent in deciding which track would hold a national in any given state) and invested heavily in television advertisements. Races were to be held on Friday nights and held to two hours in length. That could both fit a television schedule and the attention span of an attending audience. This was to give BMX greater public exposure, most of which never even heard of BMX much less knew how to get involved which in turn would spark an upsurge of the beginner classes at the local level. At the same time greater revenue could be obtained from the entrance fees, making the ABA less dependent on participation on the local level.
The first Pro Spectacular was launched in Reno, Nevada, on January 4, 1985. While a critical success, the racing was exciting with the ABA put on its usual show of efficiency and the pros generally liked the concept (although the track itself was too tight and ungroomed for their taste) and more than enough pros participated to make it interesting (the ABA dropped its vaunted Direct Transfer System and ran the qualifying motos three times just like the National Bicycle League). In an effort to enhance the awards, $10,000 purses for each race was offered. The winner of the Pro Spectacular series would win a Pontiac Trans Am, just like the winner of the ABA No. 1 pro plate for the year. The spectator attendance, which was the key, was lackluster. Despite the relatively low admission fee at $5.00, which was about the same as the racer's sign up fee at a local race and the heavy promotion the venues were, if not empty, was well below seating capacity. At the first event held at the Lawlor Events Center of the University of Nevada in Reno, Nevada, only about 2,000 spectators were on hand in a facility that could seat 10,000. Many in the crowd were probably there for the standard National that was to be held the next day (those who signed up to race in the National the next day got a discount on the spectator's fee in the Pro Spectacular). Perhaps it was a losing situation from the start. Not enough people knew about the existence of BMX to care and bicycle racing of any type hasn't been big in the United States since the 1920s indoor track racing fad. In Europe by comparison capacity crowds fill venues and racers are front-page news in Europe, even previously unknown BMX racers. The same was true for South America. As a comparison the 1983 International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF) sanctioned World Championship held in Slagharen, the Netherlands drew an incredible (by US standards) 15 to 20,000 paying spectators and was televised live in Europe. In the US you would be lucky to get a mention in sports section of an American newspaper for any form of cycling outside of yearly reporting of the Tour de France, never mind a BMX race. It seems ironic that BMX was invented in the United States in light of the lackluster attitude of the public at large toward cycling. However, when you look at the fact that BMX wasn't so much derived from cycling but from kids imitating motocross racing then it is much more understandable why BMX was invented here. Still, it was cycling even if it was appin Motocross. In that light, despite the expensive 68 30 second TV advertisements shown on then popular programs like Magnum, P.I., Dynasty and Good Morning America, it was a steep uphill battle to win over the public. The light attendance most likely did not justify the reputed $4000 in television advertising the ABA invested. The most successful of the Spectaculars in terms of non racer attendance was the fifth round held in Phoenix, Arizona, on February 8. Albeit a far cry from the 15 to 20,000 that came to see the IBMXF World Championship in the Netherlands, it did draw 2,600 paying spectators despite Phoenix's first snowfall in seven years. However, considering the cost of renting the arena with the deliberate lack of amateur involvement and hence their entrance fees it was a financial burden the ABA could ill afford. By the time of Land of Lincoln Pro Spectacular on April 28, the last in the series, they had dropped the TV advertisement campaign, as a result only a few dozen of spectators were on hand for the event at the Coliseum State FairGrounds in Springfield, Illinois. To help defray the cost, the ABA started to run a few selected Amateur open classes to collect entry fees to offset at least partially the losses.
By the time the Pro Spectacular series came to an end the day before the 1985 Grand Nationals in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the Pro Spectaculars were an afterthought. While a financial failure it was a critical success in terms of the quality of races concerning both the courses and the top level pros attending. In that it was an immense success, but it would generate one more bit of controversy. The winner of the series was Ronnie Anderson. For his win the ABA awarded him a sports car. However, it was not the Trans Am that Ronnie Anderson was expecting, but a Ford Mustang. Ronnie Anderson refused to accept the car, stating that the ABA supposedly promised a Trans Am to the winner of the series, just like the winner of the Number one Pro title for the year. ABA President Clayton John challenged Mr. Anderson to find in print anywhere that the ABA promised the winner a Trans Am. For several months after consulting lawyers and searching futility for Mr. Anderson accepted the car. Ronnie would also go on to win the Grand National and the title of ABA Number one Pro for 1985. Unlike in past years since 1979, no Trans Am or any car of any sort was awarded to the top pro of the year.
With that the Pro Spectaculars went out in a blaze of controversy. 1985 was the last Pro Spectacular series ever.
If the above woes and tribulations were not enough, a new headache, one that he would feel as a personal betrayal, the defection of five former ABA officers to create the United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA).

The USBA, resignation and bankruptcy
Those five former officers were Geoff Sims, Steve Schaefer, Dave Cook, Rich Mann, and Rod Keeling, the head of the new governing body that was the ABA company pilot who rose to the rank of Vice President of Marketing. Previous to the piloting position with the ABA, he had no experience with BMX racing. Mr. Keeling had departed the ABA on March 2, 1984, and announced the creation of the new governing body on March 23, 1984. Some thought the creation of the USBA was timed to take advantage of the ABA's financial dire straits and to cause a stampede of ABA tracks to change affiliation to the new organization. Mennenga saw it as a personal betrayal to the point that he called a press conference to denounce them. He charged at that press conference that it was they who had given him bad advice to take a hard, uncompromising line against the track owners, the racers, and the BMX press. His basic charge was that their collective advice was deliberate sabotage to undermine the ABA so they could make this move to set up their own governing body and destroy the ABA. This was a tactic not unknown to Mennenga. During a 1981 dispute with the promoters of the large-pursed ($10,000) Knott's Berry Farm race, the ABA bristled at being scheduled directly opposite, i.e. on the same Thanksgiving weekend as, their prestigious Grand National in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. That it was sanctioned by the NBL, being run under NBL rules and racers received national points at that race as they would at a national created directly by the NBL, exacerbated already raw feelings between the NBL and the ABA. The ABA felt it was a deliberate action to siphon off racers, particularly the pros from their season-ending Grand National. The hiring by the Knott's Berry promoter Thomas Henn of former NBA founder and President Ernie Alexander to run the race (he also designed the temporary track at Knott's) didn't help matters. Alexander had a reputation of deliberately scheduling NBA events against the events of other sanctioning bodies when he ran the NBA. Mennenga sent out press releases and faxes to the BMX press, track operators and bicycle manufactures allegedly hinting that they should boycott persons and organizations that participated in the Knott's Berry race. The ABA allegedly had a boycott list that had many notables of the BMX industry on it, including promoter Renny Roker, which the ABA ordered tracks to boycott his upcoming Pro seven race series that would later come to be known as the ESPN Pro Spectacular. Several ABA tracks left the ABA and joined Roker to participate in his series which were to be NBL sanctioned. With this siege mentality in his background it was easy for Mennenga to believe that USBA stole the valuable ABA membership records to proposition ABA racers to join the USBA. While the value of this list would be a motive to steal it, Mennenga provided no evidence.As then, in the USBA controversy, whatever Mennenga's intention, it came off as a desire to shift blame for his actions as well as being unlikely that this conspiracy could keep its cohesion for over two years. The ABA even went as far as to launch a lawsuit against the five founders of the USBA, and while dismissed by the court, the lawsuit drained the resources of the new competitor and engendered the atmosphere that followed. It would the actions of the new USBA leadership that would lend credence to Mennenga's charges.The two-year war between the ABA and the USBA was perhaps the ugliest rivalry that BMX has ever saw. It seems the USBA was making most of the aggressive moves. The motivation for rivalries like this was the $2 million to $4 million in revenue yearly that BMX generated at the time. Compared to other older more established sports like baseball, European football (soccer), American football and auto racing, this was a pittance but still enough to generate bad promoters and political infighting between and within sanctioning bodies. Track operators had quite thin profit margins to work with, which perhaps made the back biting even worse since there was so little to go around. There was a slump in the BMX racing market as mentioned with the growth of Freestyle, the resurgence of skateboarding siphoning off young people and the insurance crises to drain resources further. Pretty desperate times for the organizers of BMX racing, and desperate times generate desperate acts, including actions straight out of Watergate.Despite all the foul weather facing the ABA, Mennenga, who was said to be an eternal optimist, hung on. There was one instance that was probably responsible for him relinquishing his position and BMX, the sport he had helped nurture, all together. On January 27, 1985, at the GT Supernationals in Pico Rivera, California, a disgruntled woman hurled a cup of coffee into the face of Mennenga. In all his years involved in BMX he had never been attacked physically, but that was only the beginning of his humiliation. After ABA security had to physically remove the spectator from the facility, she filed a false police report that Mennenga assaulted her. The Pico Rivera police came down to the track and arrested Mennenga during the event. The true story eventually came up and the charges were dropped and Mennenga released, but very likely the experience forever soured him on the sport he once loved.On March 5, 1985, ABA founder and President Merl Mennenga with the loss of membership and tracks (in part because of rising insurance cost of liability), the ABA on the verge of bankruptcy and personal burnout and exhaustion-and possibly with the Pico Rivera incident on his mind, announced he had sold the ABA to Bernie Anderson and Jamie Vargas, two wealthy ABA track operators, for a reported $250,000 (paid out over several years) and resigned as owner and President of the ABA. Vargas was a computer consultant from Louisiana who ran the first track in Louisiana. Anderson owned a magazine subscription sales service who founded Rebel Racing, a regional BMX bicycle firm he started in 1980 and sold in 1982. He at one time operated the first successful track in Texas. Both men had sons who raced at the time. The new owners installed Walt Ehnat, who had just previously been a partner with Gary Ellis Sr. in running four tracks in the Seattle, Washington area (including one in Tacoma, Washington) as the new president. They reversed some questionable programs like having three separate point seasons in a year (as opposed to having one continuous season for about a year) meaning a racer would race for the lowest number he could get not once (but three times). However, they decided to hold the remaining Pro Spectaculars despite the immediate financial gain it would cause by canceling them; the damage it would cause with their relations with the pros far out weighed in their view of any immediate financial benefit. They tried to stave off bankruptcy by paying off other debts, although declaring bankruptcy would have also helped the ABA immediately. As canceling the remaining Pro Spectaculars would have been bad policy regarding the pros, the new management felt that declaring bankruptcy would have put out a false impression to track operators around the country that the USBA would exploit. Despite all efforts and the Internal Revenue Service at the door and a reported liability to twenty creditors of $700,000 to $750,000. Most of the financial hemorrhaging was inflicted by the losses over Bicycles and Dirt magazine. Anderson and Vargas filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on November 25, 1985. Bankruptcy protection was not the end as many people think, it simply allowed a company to keep functioning while a disinterested third party, in this case the Federal courts, work out how it would pay its debts. As predicted, the USBA tried to take advantage of the situation, with some success, by playing on the fears of track operators. Some tracks worried about the solvency of the ABA changed their affiliation to the USBA. The USBA tried to fan a stampede by calling individual track operators and citing the precarious position of the ABA with the publicly published court papers outlining the debts incurred by the ABA under Merl Mennenga. It attempted to generate among ABA track operators a sense of impending doom facing the ABA over its financial dire straits in order for them to change their affiliations to the point of harassment.  The father of pro racer Gary Ellis, Gary Ellis Sr., who ran the ABA-affiliated River Valley BMX track in Sumner, Washington, was a prized target for conversion. Rod Keeling, the founder and President of the USBA, went so far as to have a face-to-face meeting with Ellis to convince him to jump ship. Such a defection of a high-profile track operator would have been a large propaganda feather in Keeling's cap. He was not successful, in large part according to Mr. Ellis. Keeling stressed the problems of the ABA, without stating how joining the USBA would be advantageous to Mr. Ellis and BMX as a whole. However, Gary Ellis Sr. was of the opinion that bankruptcy was good for the ABA since it removed most of the top management that got the ABA into dire straits in the first place:
"... We basically felt ... well, I basically felt the person that started the USBA was part of the bad management [sic] of the ABA that put them towards bankruptcy in the first place. You can quote me on that."Many ABA track operators were of the same opinion.  Also, since most track operators were businessmen themselves, they understood that the ABA filing for Chapter 11 protection wasn't the disastrous thing most laymen think it is. Many took it as a good thing since filing Chapter 11 would get rid of most of the executives who mismanaged the ABA in the first place, as was Gary Ellis Sr.'s opinion. They knew other companies in the industry that were in the same position as the ABA was but came out of it. The Van Doren Rubber Co., the maker of Vans tennis shoes that were then a favorite with BMX racers and freestylers and skateboarders alike, filed for bankruptcy a couple of years before and eventually came out of it solvent. However, nearly 160 track operators did switch to the USBA, effectively splitting the world of BMX racing three ways.
By late 1985, Sims and Cook, both commercial pilots, had left the USBA for flying jobs. Keeling was forced out by a USBA major investor, Phoenix, Arizona, businessman Ira Hall, and replaced with a new management team, including Walt Ehnat, who was installed as president of the USBA after Keeling was removed. Ehnat was Keeling's Vice President at the USBA who had earlier replaced Merl Mennenga as President of the ABA. A few months later he was fired by the ABA's new management and had bitter feelings towards it. The USBA, which was in worse financial shape than the ABA by that time, was growing desperate, which may have inspired an unethical and illegal act.

Possible corporate espionage and buyout
As noted, a few months after his appointment as ABA President Ehnat was fired by the ABA under bad circumstances and was replaced by the new ABA management by Clayton John, a former motorcycle racer and BMX track operator and who is still the current (2006) ABA President. Ehnat became Vice President of the USBA and became active in the campaign to shore up the image of the USBA which was beginning to take damaging hits in the BMX industry, including its dealings with disgraced BMX promoter Renny Roker. Bob Hadley*, team manager of the Huffy BMX team noticed at one time that Erhart was pretty prescient in questions he had with him even before he mentioned them. At the time only Clayton John was privy to the specific concerns in a letter Mr. Hadley had that he had shared only with Mr. John at the time. The timing of Ehnat responses and the fact that the USBA seemed to always be one step ahead of the ABA in court actions was so uncanny Mr. Hadley joked that someone must have bugged Mr. John's office. Clayton John took the whimsical joke seriously and had ABA headquarters swept for bugs by experts in counter surveillance and corporate espionage. After the sweep, two experts, one a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent and the other a former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agent found evidence of tampering in one of the telephone trunk lines leading to Mr. John's office. The lines were stripped in a way that it was evidence that a telephone tap was in place at some time. No conclusive proof, only circumstantial evidence has suggested that the USBA was responsible. Another suspect, the IRS could have done it given the pressure they put the ABA under, including showing up during ABA nationals but aside from it being illegal without a court order, the IRS had perfectly legal ways available to them to get once sensitive information about the ABA, including financial assets. Most of it was public record, particularly court proceedings. The IRS had no real motive to go through the unnecessary risk of wire-tapping the ABA offices.By early 1986 while the ABA was slowly getting back on its feet financially the USBA was starting to sink under the financial weight of poorly attended nationals and the loss of the core of their original management. Still, Mr. Hall approached the ABA with a plan to buy the ABA from the new owners Anderson and Vargas. This was quite strange since as mentioned the USBA was in worse shape financially than the ABA. On several occasions Mr. Hall approached Mr. Vargas and Mr. Anderson with buyout proposals. The talks came to naught.There was a rumor of one final act to survive conducted by the USBA. The idea to turn Merl Mennenga, the founder of the ABA to somehow force Mr. Anderson and Mr. Vargas to sell back the ABA and then to sell the ABA to the USBA which would then close down the ABA under the Chapter VII bankruptcy law with the USBA inheriting the tracks ABA's then current leadership. If true, perhaps they were thinking about the precedent of Walt Ehnart, the former President of the ABA and by then the Vice President of the USBA that they could have turned Mennenga. However unlikely it would have been, nothing came of it.Instead it was the USBA that ended up being bought out by the ABA. A few months later Messrs. Vargas and Anderson bought a majority share of the USBA from Ira Hall, becoming its two principal stockholders in 1986. About 24 hours later Ehnat was fired and replaced by ABA President Clayton John, placing him at the head of two sanctioning bodies simultaneously. Until the end of 1986 the USBA remained a separate body. The final merger of it to the ABA was in early 1987. The result was the ABA re-reacquiring most of its old tracks and some brand new ones—160 in total—and the USBA's membership. Later Mr. Vargas would sell his interest leaving Mr. Anderson the largest share holder.

Solvency and re-expansion
After 22 months in bankruptcy protection On September 24, 1987, the United States Federal Bankruptcy Court approved the ABA's plan for financial reorganization and removed it from Chapter 11 as well it should have been since it promised exorbitant gifts to the various national number ones that year, including the amateurs. For instance, the eventual amateur No.1 Mike King received a $14,500 Glastron boat and a Honda Reflex motorcycle valued at $1,600 for a total value of $16,100. To reiterate, the top amateur received the boat, not the professional number one. That winner got the "standard" automobile. The Pro number one for that year, Charles Townsend, received $1,600 in cash, a GMC Chevy S-10 pick up truck valued at $10,500 and a Honda XR250R Honda motorcycle valued at $3,500. Total value of $15,600. You had the odd situation of the amateur winning prizes of greater value collectively than the professional by a $500 margin. The amateur girls class champion Nikki Murray (unlike the NBL at this time, the ABA did not have a professional women's division) and the Pro Cruiser number one Eric Rupe also received Honda Reflex motorcycles.
If there was ever a sign of health of the ABA (and BMX in general) it was the 1988 Grand National in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It was then the largest BMX race in history at 470 motos. This was by 27 motos larger than the previous record holder, the 1982 ABA Grand National (the 1989 ABA Grand National would be 467 motos, knocking '82 back to third). This was in the teeth of a general two year sag in ridership on the racing side of the industry and in the face of the popularity of BMX Freestyle, skateboarding and the rise of Mountain Biking.
Though all this it still remained the larger of the two major bodies. The ABA has demonstrated over the years the desire to become even larger. In a plan to diversify and not rely on its BMX income totally for its survival, the ABA purchased the National Off Road Bicycle Association (NORBA) in the summer of 1986 (The ABA later sold NORBA to the United States Cycling Federation (USCF) in 1989). It also acquired from Hutch Hi-Performance Products, a respected BMX bicycle manufacturer, the National Freestyle Association (NFA) a BMX Freestyle sanctioning body. Hutch had recently reacquired the body back from the USBA which it had sold it to a few months prior. Hutch, which had started the NFA in the first place, sold it to the USBA because competing manufacturers were reluctant to send their freestyle teams to a sanctioning body run by a competitor, therefore helping him financially. The USBA, suffering its own financial dire straits, sold it back to Hutch who in turn sold it to the ABA.
In 2002, the ABA attempted to purchase the NBL from USA Cycling after it was approached by officers of USA Cycling to sell the NBL but was turned down by the USA Cycling board.

Proficiency and division class labels and advancement method
Open:
5 & under to 60 & over in 5-year steps. Age classifications only.

Operations
ABA National number ones by year
Ellis finished second in points in 1995 to Christophe Leveque, but was awarded the title of National Number One Pro due to an ABA rule at the time that prohibited non-US citizens from earning the title.  The rule was changed the following year.

Special Race Series past and current
State Championships
NAG 5 Challenge

The National Age Group Five Challenge is a competition formed from the top five National Age group year end finishers of National races. Males 15 to 28 of their respective age divisions are eligible.Super Bowl Championships
Race of Champions (ROC)

This is an invitational only race of the top 10 age and skill level finishers of their state championship series. The state champions get a special number plate with a red background and a white number one. The winner of the single event ROC (which is held the day before the ABA Grandnationals at the same venue) is the champion of that event in his/her age group.Gold Cup / Redline Cup Series

ABA's U.S. Gold Cup series of events were created in 1981 and then, in 2000, as part of the sponsorship agreement with then-sponsor Redline Bicycles, was renamed the Redline Cup Series, before switching back to being called the Gold Cup in 2014 following Redline's decision to no longer sponsor the successful series. Redline/Gold Cup races are a series of regional championship events that are held mostly for the benefit of the amateur racer with a No.1 plate (designated by a yellow background) on the line for the overall winner of the age and classification. Its original purpose was to give non factory sponsored amateurs-then as today the great majority of BMX racers-a chance for a national title without having to go through the great expense of touring the country racing in nationals competing against sponsored national caliber racers. It originally was a one-off Jag like Championship race on November 27, 1981, in which the competitors just had to come in the top 100 in their districts to compete. It became a six race qualifying series in 1982 held in conjunction with standard nationals. Like in its inaugural year, the Championships was held the day before the ABA Grand Nationals in Oklahoma as a pre race. In succeeding years the ABA allowed the track operators to choose when to hold the qualifying races and they weren't held at the same time and place as nationals with the finals being held in Las Vegas, Nevada, in October. In the year 2001 the ABA changed the name of the U.S. Gold Cup Series to the Redline Cup Series. Redline Bicycles had been sponsoring the Gold Cup Series for the prior six racing seasons. Today the Gold Cup Series Championship or simply the Gold Cup, is the second most sought after title in the ABA. The races are a series of over 60 multi-point (double and triple) qualifying races in 35 states in the U.S. and one Canadian Province (2008 edition), which is divided into Western, Central and Eastern regions of approximately 14 to 21 qualifying races in each region.SERIES FORMAT – 1981 to 1987: In the days of the former U.S. Gold Cup Series there was the United States Gold Cup Championships a.k.a. The Gold Cup East/West Shootout (there were only two regional divisions at the time after it was split into such in 1987) that was held a day or so before the Grand Nationals (and in the same location as the Grand Nationals) to decide the Gold Cup Champion for the entire country. This has been discontinued and no competition between the West, Central and Eastern regional champions to decide an overall national champion are held.
SERIES FORMAT – 1989 to 2012: A racer must make the main of anyone of those qualifying races (regardless of where the racer lives) to be invited to race the Western, Central, or Eastern regional finals depending on the location of where they reside in. At that level they must race in the final where they live. For example, a racer who lives New Jersey, which is in the Easter Region, is not permitted to race a final in California, which is in the Western region even if he originally qualified in California. That New Jersey qualifier must race in the Eastern final. These regional finals are held in September. The winner of their classes are regarded as their National Age Group (NAG) Champion. There are also Cruiser NAG Champion and Girls NAG Champions. The prizes for the winners are a custom Redline Cup jacket and a golden trophy. All Champions are entitled to run the yellow Redline Cup No.1 plate for the following year at standard district, state/provincial and national events just like the winners of the standard ABA National No.1 plates. 
In 2007 the RL Cup season was from January 28 to mid August.SERIES FORMAT – 2013 to current: Along with switching the title of the series back to Gold Cup, USA BMX decided to also change up the format. Instead of only one "qualifier" race, ABA now took a rider's best 2 finishes from a regional Gold Cup race. The Saturday race of the Gold Cup Finals weekend (formerly known as the U.S. Open) were to now count in the points chase, along with those two local scores. The Gold Cup Championship Finals, whether East, Central of West, would be the fourth and final finish and would determine who would win the No.1 Gold Cup Championship, trophy, award jacket and number plate. Additionally, USA BMX added a No.2 and No.3 award plate, to give a boost to the races series.
ABA World Championships.
ABA Disney Cup.

See also
National Bicycle Association
National Bicycle League
National Pedal Sport Association
United Bicycle Racers Association
United States Bicycle Motocross Association

End notes
External links
The American Bicycle Association (ABA)
2008 ABA Rulebook
The National Bicycle League (NBL) Website, the ABA's chief competitorOtai-shuku (小田井宿, Otai-shuku) was the twenty-first of the sixty-nine stations of the Nakasendō. It is located in the present-day town of Miyota, in the Kitasaku District of Nagano Prefecture, Japan.

History
Otai-shuku originated between 473 and 492 AD and developed into a post town over one thousand years later, during the Keichō era. Because Otai-shuku was small there were only five rest areas in the entire post town, daimyōs tended to stay at the neighboring Oiwake-shuku, which was much larger. The Otai-shuku Festival was established to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the founding of the post town; this festival takes place on August 16 of each year.

Neighboring post towns
Nakasendō
Oiwake-shuku - Otai-shuku - Iwamurada-shuku


Pellissier is a 71% white suburb of the city of Bloemfontein in South Africa.


The Leader of the Opposition in South Australia is the leader of the largest minority political party or coalition of parties, known as the Opposition, in the House of Assembly of the Parliament of South Australia. By convention, he or she is generally a member of the House of Assembly. He or she acts as the public face of the opposition, and act as a chief critic of the government and ultimately attempt to portray the opposition as a feasible alternate government. They are also given certain additional rights under parliamentary standing orders, such as extended time limits for speeches. Should the opposition win an election, the Leader of the Opposition will be nominated to become the Premier of South Australia.
Before the 1890s when there was no formal party system in South Australia, MPs tended to have historical liberal or conservative beliefs. The liberals dominated government from the 1893 election to 1905 election with Labor support, with the conservatives mostly in opposition. Labor took government with the support of eight dissident liberals in 1905 when Labor won the most seats for the first time. The rise of Labor saw non-Labor politics start to merge into various party incarnations. The two independent conservative parties, the Australasian National League (formerly National Defence League) and the Farmers and Producers Political Union merged with the Liberal and Democratic Union to become the Liberal Union in 1910. Labor formed South Australia's first majority government after winning the 1910 state election, triggering the merger. The 1910 election came two weeks after federal Labor formed Australia's first elected majority government at the 1910 federal election.
In an historical record, Steven Marshall was the fifth consecutive Liberal opposition leader during their 2002 to 2018 opposition period. In comparison, every former Labor opposition leader for over half a century would also proceed to serve as Premier.

List of Leaders of the Opposition in South Australia
The following is a list of Leaders of the Opposition in South Australia, from 1884 to present. According to the official parliament record, prior to the year 1884 "no definite evidence of the official holder of the office could be found".

See also
Premier of South Australia

References
Statistical Record of the Legislature 1836 to 2007, p.118-119 – parliament.sa.gov.auThe Vetta del Vallone is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps on the Swiss-Italian border. It is located between the Valle Morobbia (Ticino) and the Val Cavargna (Lombardy).

SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = North Western Alps
section = Lugano Prealps
subsection = Prealpi Comasche
supergroup = Catena Gino-Camoghè-Fiorina
group = Gruppo Camoghè-Bar
subgroup = Sottogruppo del Camoghè
code = I/B-11.I-A.2.a

References
External links
Vetta del Vallone on HikrShenandoah National Park  (often ) is an American national park that encompasses part of the Blue Ridge Mountains in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The park is long and narrow, with the Shenandoah River and its broad valley to the west, and the rolling hills of the Virginia Piedmont to the east. Skyline Drive is the main park road, generally traversing along the ridgeline of the mountains. Almost 40% of the park's land—79,579 acres (124.3 sq mi; 322.0 km2)—has been designated as wilderness areas and is protected as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. The highest peak is Hawksbill Mountain at 4,051 feet (1,235 m).

Park purpose
As stated in the foundation document:
Shenandoah National Park preserves and protects nationally significant natural and cultural resources, scenic beauty, and congressionally designated wilderness within Virginia’s northern Blue Ridge Mountains, and provides a broad range of opportunities for public enjoyment, recreation, inspiration, and stewardship.

Geography
The park encompasses parts of eight counties. On the west side of Skyline Drive they are, from northeast to southwest, Warren, Page, Rockingham, and Augusta counties. On the east side of Skyline Drive they are Rappahannock, Madison, Greene, and Albemarle counties. The park stretches for 105 miles (169 km) along Skyline Drive from near the town of Front Royal in the northeast to near the city of Waynesboro in the southwest. The park headquarters are located in Luray.

Geology
Shenandoah National Park lies along the Blue Ridge Mountains in north-central Virginia. These mountains form a distinct highland rising to elevations above 4,000 feet (1,200 m). Local topographic relief between the Blue Ridge Mountains and Shenandoah Valley exceeds 3,000 feet (910 m) at some locations. The crest of the range divides the Shenandoah River drainage basin, part of the Potomac River drainage, on the west side, from the James and Rappahannock River drainage basins on the east side.Some of the rocks exposed in the park date to over one billion years in age, making them among the oldest in Virginia. Bedrock in the park includes Grenville-age granitic basement rocks (1.2–1.0 billion years old) and a cover sequence of metamorphosed Neoproterozoic (570–550 million years old) sedimentary and volcanic rocks of the Swift Run and Catoctin formations. Columns of Catoctin Formation metamorphosed basalt can be seen at Compton Peak. Clastic rocks of the Chilhowee Group are of early Cambrian age (542–520 million years old). Quaternary surficial deposits are common and cover much of the bedrock throughout the park.The park is located along the western part of the Blue Ridge anticlinorium, a regional-scale Paleozoic structure at the eastern margin of the Appalachian fold and thrust belt. Rocks within the park were folded, faulted, distorted, and metamorphosed during the late Paleozoic Alleghanian orogeny (325 to 260 million years ago). The rugged topography of Blue Ridge Mountains is a result of differential erosion during the Cenozoic, although some post-Paleozoic tectonic activity occurred in the region.

History
Creation of the park
Legislation to create a national park in the Appalachian mountains was first introduced by freshman Virginia congressman Henry D. Flood in 1901, but despite the support of President Theodore Roosevelt, failed to pass. The first national park was Yellowstone, in Wyoming, Montana, and Idaho. It was signed into law in 1872. Yosemite National Park was created in 1890. When Congress created the National Park Service (NPS) in 1916, additional parks had maintained the western pattern (Crater Lake in 1902, Wind Cave in 1903, Mesa Verde in 1906, then Denali in 1917). Grand Canyon, Zion and Acadia were all created in 1919 during the administration of Virginia-born president Woodrow Wilson. Acadia finally broke the western mold, becoming the first eastern national park. It was also based on donations from wealthy private landowners. Stephen Mather, the first NPS director, saw a need for a national park in the southern states, and solicited proposals in his 1923 year-end report. In May 1925, Congress and President Calvin Coolidge authorized the NPS to acquire a minimum of 250,000 acres (390.6 sq mi; 1,011.7 km2) and a maximum of 521,000 acres (814.1 sq mi; 2,108.4 km2) to form Shenandoah National Park, and also authorized creation of Great Smoky Mountains National Park. However, the legislation also required that no federal funds would be used to acquire the land. Thus, Virginia needed to raise private funds, and could also authorize state funds and use its eminent domain (condemnation) power to acquire the land to create Shenandoah National Park.
Virginia's Democratic gubernatorial candidate (and the late Congressman Flood's nephew), Harry F. Byrd supported the creation of Shenandoah National Park, as did his friend William E. Carson, a businessman who had become Virginia's first chairman of the Commission on Conservation and Development. Development of the western national parks had assisted tourism, which produced jobs, which Byrd and local politicians supported. The land that became Shenandoah park was scenic, mountainous, and had also lost about half of its trees to the Chestnut blight (which was incurable and affected trees as they reached maturity). However, it had been held as private property for over a century, so many farms and orchards existed. After Byrd became governor and convinced the legislature to appropriate $1 million for land acquisition and other work, Carson and his teams (including surveyors and his brother Kit who was Byrd's law partner) tried to figure out who owned the land. They found that it consisted of more than 5,000 parcels, some of them inhabited by tenant farmers or squatters (who were ineligible to receive compensation). Some landowners, including wealthy resort owner George Freeman Pollock and Luray Realtor and developer L. Ferdinand Zerkel, had long wanted the park created and had formed the Northern Virginia Park Association to win over the national park selection committee. However, many local families who had lived in the area for generations (especially people over 60 years old) did not want to sell their land, and some refused to sell at any price. Carson promised that if they sold to the commonwealth, they could still live on their homesteads for the rest of their lives. Carson also lobbied the new president, Herbert Hoover, who bought land to establish a vacation fishing camp near the headwaters of the Rapidan River (and would ultimately donate it to the park as he left office; it remains as Rapidan Camp).

The commonwealth of Virginia slowly acquired the land through eminent domain, and then gave it to the U.S. federal government to establish the national park. Carson's brother suggested that Virginia's legislature authorize condemnation by counties (followed by arbitration for individual parcels) rather than condemn each parcel. Some families accepted the payments because they needed the money and wanted to escape the subsistence lifestyle. Nearly 90 percent of the inhabitants worked the land for a living: selling timber, charcoal, or crops. They had previously been able to earn money to buy supplies by harvesting the now-rare chestnuts, by working during the apple and peach harvest season (but the drought of 1930 devastated those crops and killed many fruit trees), by selling handmade textiles and crafts (displaced by factories) and moonshine (illegal after Prohibition started).
However, Carson and the politicians did not seek citizen input early in the process, nor convince residents that they could live better in a tourist economy. Instead, they started with an advertising campaign to raise the funds, and courthouse property evaluations and surveys. Upon Mather's death in 1929, the new NPS director, Horace M. Albright also decided that the federal agency would only accept vacant land, so even elderly residents would be forced to leave. Thus, many families and entire communities were forced to vacate portions of the Blue Ridge Mountains in eight Virginia counties. Although the Skyline Drive right-of-way was purchased from owners without condemnation, the costs of the acreage purchased trebled over initial estimates and the acreage decreased to what Carson called a "fish-bone" shape and others a "shoestring". Although Byrd and Carson convinced Congress to reduce the minimum size of Shenandoah Park to just over 160,000 acres (250.0 sq mi; 647.5 km2) to eliminate some high-priced lands, in 1933 newly elected President Franklin D. Roosevelt decided to also create the Blue Ridge Parkway to connect to then-under-construction Skyline Drive on the Shenandoah National Park ridgeline, which required additional condemnations.
When many families continued to refuse to sell their land in 1932 and 1933, proponents changed tactics. Freeman hired social worker Miriam Sizer to teach at a summer school he had set up near one of his workers' communities and asked her to write a report about the conditions in which they lived. Although later discredited, the report depicted the local population as very poor and inbred and was soon used to support forcible evictions and burning of former cabins so residents would not sneak back. University of Chicago sociologists Fay-Cooper Cole and Mandel Sherman described how the small valley communities or hollows had existed "without contact with law or government" for centuries, which some analogized to a popular comic strip Li'l Abner and his fictional community, Dogpatch. In 1933, Sherman and journalist Thomas Henry published Hollow Folk drawing pitying eyes to local conditions and "hillbillies." As in many rural areas of the time, most remote homesteads in the Shenandoah lacked electricity and often running water, as well as access to schools and health facilities during many months. However, Hoover had hired experienced rural teacher Christine Vest to teach near his summer home (and who believed the other reports exaggerated, as did Episcopal missionary teachers in other Blue Ridge areas).

Carson had had ambitions to become governor in 1929 and 1933, but Byrd instead selected George C. Peery of Virginia's southwestern region to succeed easterner Pollard. After winning the election, Peery and Carson's successor would establish Virginia's state park system, although plans to relocate reluctant residents kept changing and basically failed. Carson had hoped to head that new state agency, but was not selected because of his growing differences with Byrd, over fees owed his brother and especially over the evictions that began in late 1933 against his advice but pursuant to new federal policies and that garnered much negative publicity.
Most of the reluctant families came from the park's central counties (Madison, Page, and Rappahannock), not the northern counties nearest Byrd's and Carson's bases, or from the southern end where residents could see tourism's benefits at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello since the 1920s, as well as the jobs available in the Shenandoah and new Blue Ridge projects. In 1931 and 1932, residents were allowed to petition the state agency to stay another year to gather crops, etc. However, some refused to cooperate to any extent, others wanted to continue to use resources now protected (including timber or homes and gardens vacated by others), and many found the permit process arbitrary. Businessman Robert H. Via filed suit against the condemnations in 1934 but did not prevail (and ended up moving to Pennsylvania and never cashed his condemnation check).
Carson announced his resignation from his unpaid job effective in December 1934. As one of his final acts, Carson wrote the new NPS director, Arno B. Cammerer, urging that 60 people over 60 years of age whose plots were not visible from the new Skyline Drive not be evicted. When evictions kept creating negative publicity in 1935, photographer Arthur Rothstein coordinated with the Hollow Folk authors and then went to document the conditions they claimed.

The creation of the park had immediate benefits to some Virginians. During the Great Depression, many young men received training and jobs through the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). The first CCC camp in Virginia was established in the George Washington National Forest near Luray, and Governor Pollard quickly filled his initial quota of 5,000 workers. About 1,000 men and boys worked on Skyline Drive, and about 100,000 worked in Virginia during the agency's existence. In Shenandoah Park, CCC crews removed many of the dead chestnut trees whose skeletons marred views in the new park, as well as constructed trails and facilities. Tourism revenues also skyrocketed. On the other hand, CCC crews were assigned to burn and destroy some cabins in the park, to prevent residents from coming back. Also, U.S. Secretary of the Interior Harold Ickes who had jurisdiction over the NPS and partial jurisdiction over the CCC, tried to use his authority to force Byrd to cooperate on other New Deal projects.
Shenandoah National Park was finally established on December 26, 1935, and soon construction began on the Blue Ridge Parkway that Byrd wanted. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt formally opened Shenandoah National Park on July 3, 1936. Eventually, about 40 people (on the "Ickes list") were allowed to live out their lives on land that became the park. One of them was George Freeman Pollock, whose residence Killahevlin was later listed on the National Register, and whose Skyland Resort reopened under a concessionaire in 1937. Carson also donated significant land; a mountain in the park is now named in his honor and signs acknowledge his contributions. The last grandmother resident was Annie Lee Bradley Shenk. NPS employees had watched and cared for her since 1950; she died in 1979 at age 92. Most others left quietly. 85-year-old Hezekiah Lam explained, "I ain't so crazy about leavin' these hills but I never believed in bein' ag'in (against) the Government. I signed everythin' they asked me."

Segregation and desegregation
In the early 1930s, the National Park Service began planning the park facilities and envisioned separate provisions for blacks and whites. At that time, in Jim Crow Virginia, racial segregation was the order of the day. In its transfer of the parkland to the federal government, Virginia initially attempted to ban African Americans entirely from the park, but settled for enforcing its segregation laws in the park's facilities.By the 1930s, there were several concessions operated by private firms within the area that would become the park, some going back to the late 19th century. These early private facilities at Skyland Resort, Panorama Resort, and Swift Run Gap were operated only for whites. By 1937, the Park Service accepted a bid from Virginia Sky-Line Company to take over the existing facilities and add new lodges, cabins, and other amenities, including Big Meadows Lodge. Under their plan, all the sites in the parks, save one, were for "whites only". Their plan included a separate facility for African Americans at Lewis Mountain—a picnic ground, a smaller lodge, cabins and a campground. The site opened in 1939, and it was substantially inferior to the other park facilities. By then, however, the Interior Department was increasingly anxious to eliminate segregation from all parks. Pinnacles picnic ground was selected to be the initial integrated site in the Shenandoah, but Virginia Sky-Line Company continued to balk, and distributed maps showing Lewis Mountain as the only site for African Americans. During World War II, concessions closed and park usage plunged. But once the War ended, in December 1945, the NPS mandated that all concessions in all national parks were to be desegregated. In October 1947 the dining rooms of Lewis Mountain and Panorama were integrated and by early 1950, the mandate was fully accomplished.

Social history
Particularly after the 1960s, park operations broadened from nature-focused to include social history. The Potomac Appalachian Trail Club had restored some cabins beginning in the 1940s, and made them available to overnight hikers. Some displaced residents (and their descendants) created the Children of the Shenandoah to lobby for more balanced presentations.
In the 1990s, the park hired cultural resource specialists and conducted an archeological inventory of existing structures, the Survey of Rural Mountain Settlement. Eventually, the park's new focus on cultural resources coincided with agitation from a descendant's organization known as the Children of Shenandoah, which resulted in the removal of questionable interpretive displays. Hikes and tours that explained the social history of the displaced mountain people began.

Attractions
Skyline Drive
The park is best known for Skyline Drive, a 105-mile (169 km) road that runs the length of the park along the ridge of the mountains. 101 miles (163 km) of the Appalachian Trail are also in the park. In total, there are over 500 miles (800 km) of trails within the park. There is also horseback riding, camping, bicycling, and a number of waterfalls. The Skyline Drive is the first National Park Service road east of the Mississippi River listed as a National Historic Landmark on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also designated as a National Scenic Byway.

Backcountry camping
Shenandoah National Park offers 196,000 acres (306.2 sq mi; 793.2 km2) of backcountry and wilderness camping. While in the backcountry, campers must use a "Leave No Trace" policy that includes burying excrement and not building campfires.Backcountry campers must also be careful of wildlife such as bears and venomous snakes. Campers must suspend their food from trees while not in use in "bear bags" or park-approved bear canisters to prevent unintentionally feeding the bears, who then become habituated to humans and their food and therefore dangerous. All animals are protected by federal law.

Lodging
Campgrounds and cabins
Most of the campgrounds are open from April to October–November. There are five major campgrounds:
Mathews Arm Campground
Big Meadows Campground
Lewis Mountain Campground
Loft Mountain Campground
Dundo Group Campground

Lodges
There are three lodges/cabins:
Skyland Resort
Big Meadows
Lewis Mountain Cabins
Lodges are located at Skyland and Big Meadows. The park's Harry F. Byrd Visitor Center is also located at Big Meadows. Another visitor center is located at Dickey Ridge. Campgrounds are located at Mathews Arm, Big Meadows, Lewis Mountain, and Loft Mountain.
Rapidan Camp, the restored presidential fishing retreat Herbert Hoover built on the Rapidan River in 1929, is accessed by a 4.1-mile (6.6 km) round-trip hike on Mill Prong Trail, which begins on the Skyline Drive at Milam Gap (Mile 52.8). The NPS also offers guided van trips that leave from the Byrd Center at Big Meadows.
Shenandoah National Park is one of the most dog-friendly in the national park system. The campgrounds all allow dogs, and dogs are allowed on almost all of the trails including the Appalachian Trail, if kept on leash (6 feet or shorter). Dogs are not allowed on ten trails: Fox Hollow Trail, Stony Man Trail, Limberlost Trail, Post Office Junction to Old Rag Shelter, Old Rag Ridge Trail, Old Rag Saddle Trail, Dark Hollow Falls Trail, Story of the Forest Trail, Bearfence Mountain Trail, Frazier Discovery Trail. These ten trails fall short of a total of 20 miles of the 500 miles of trails of the Shenandoah National Park.Streams and rivers in the park are very popular with fly fisherman for native brook trout.

Waterfalls
Many waterfalls are located within the park boundaries. Below is a list of significant falls.

Hiking trails
Dark Hollow Falls Trail
Beginning at mile 50.7 of the Skyline Drive near the Byrd Visitor Center, Dark Hollow Falls Trail leads downhill beside Hogcamp Branch to Dark Hollow Falls, a 70-foot cascade. The distance from the trailhead to the base of the falls is 0.7 mile, although the trail continues beyond that point, crossing the creek and connecting with the Rose River fire road. Various fauna can be viewed along the trail, including occasional sightings of black bears and timber rattlesnakes. While the trail is relatively short, parts of it are steep and may prove challenging to some visitors. There is no view from the brink of the falls, and slippery rocks make it inadvisable to leave the trail.

Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Shenandoah National Park has a humid continental climate with warm summers and no dry season (Dfb). According to the United States Department of Agriculture, the plant hardiness zone at Big Meadows Visitor Center (3514 ft / 1071 m) is 6a with an average annual extreme minimum temperature of -7.1 °F (-21.7 °C).

Ecology
The climate of the park and its flora and fauna are typical for mountainous regions of the eastern Mid-Atlantic woodland, while a large portion of common species are also typical of ecosystems at lower altitudes. A. W. Kuchler's potential natural vegetation type for the park is Appalachian oak (104) within an eastern hardwood forest vegetation form (25), also known as a temperate broadleaf and mixed forest.Pines predominate on the southwestern faces of some of the southernmost hillsides, where an occasional prickly pear cactus may also grow naturally. In contrast, some of the northeastern aspects are most likely to have small but dense stands of moisture loving hemlocks and mosses in abundance. Other commonly found plants include oak, hickory, chestnut, maple, tulip poplar, mountain laurel, milkweed, daisies, and many species of ferns. The once predominant American chestnut tree was effectively brought to extinction by a fungus known as the chestnut blight during the 1930s; though the tree continues to grow in the park, it does not reach maturity and dies back before it can reproduce. Various species of oaks superseded the chestnuts and became the dominant tree species. Gypsy moth infestations beginning in the early 1990s began to erode the dominance of the oak forests as the moths would primarily consume the leaves of oak trees. Though the gypsy moths seem to have abated, they continue to affect the forest and have destroyed almost ten percent of the oak groves.

Wildlife
Mammals include black bear, coyote, striped skunk, spotted skunk, raccoon, beaver, river otter, opossum, woodchuck, bobcat, two species of foxes, white-tailed deer, and eastern cottontail rabbit. Though unsubstantiated, there have been some reported sightings of cougar in remote areas of the park. Over 200 species of birds make their home in the park for at least part of the year. About thirty live in the park year round, including the barred owl, Carolina chickadee, red-tailed hawk, and wild turkey. The peregrine falcon was reintroduced into the park in the mid-1990s and by the end of the 20th century there were numerous nesting pairs in the park. Thirty-two species of fish have been documented in the park, including brook trout, longnose and eastern blacknose dace, and the bluehead chub.

Ranger programs
Park rangers organize several programs from spring to fall. These include ranger-led hikes, as well as discussions of the history, flora, and fauna. Shenandoah Live is an online series where listeners may chat live with rangers and learn about some of the park's features. Rangers discuss a wide range of topics while answering questions and talking with experts from the field.

Artist-in-Residence Program
In 2014, under the leadership of Superintendent Jim Northup, Shenandoah National Park established an Artist-in-Residence Program that is administered by the Shenandoah National Park Trust, the park's philanthropic partner. Photographer Sandy Long was selected as the park's first artist-in-residence. The results of Long's residency were featured in the photography exhibit "Wild Beauty: The Artful Nature of Shenandoah National Park" held at the Looking Glass Art Gallery in the historic Hawley Silk Mill, in Hawley, Pennsylvania.

See also
List of amphibians of Shenandoah National Park
List of birds of Shenandoah National Park
List of national parks of the United States

References
External links

Official website  of the National Park Service
Shenandoah National Park— When Past is Present: Archaeology of the Displaced in Shenandoah National Park
NASA Earth Observatory Satellite images of Shenandoah National Park and park's vicinity
United States Geological Survey: Geologic Map of the Shenandoah National Park Region, Virginia
Henry Heatwole's Guide to Shenandoah National Park and Skyline Drive
Interactive Virtual Tours of Shenandoah National Park
The Ground Beneath Our Feet online exhibit of the Virginia Historical Society regarding creation of the Shenandoah National Park
A Guide to the Shenandoah Valley Oral History Project, 2005–2006The Canton of Perpignan-6 is a French canton of Pyrénées-Orientales department, in Occitanie.

Composition
At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 1 to 2 communes:
Perpignan (western part)
ToulougesBefore 2015, the canton included only the following neighbourhoods of Perpignan:

West downtown
Les Remparts
Saint-Mathieu/La Réal
Clémenceau


Tessella sertata is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Carlos Berg in 1882. It is found in Uruguay, Argentina and the Brazilian states of Espírito Santo, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul.

References

Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Arctiidae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.Racksen is a municipality in the district of Altenkirchen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany. It has 141 inhabitants (Dec. 2020).


"Set Me Free" is a song by American singer Jermaine Stewart, which was released in 1992 as the only single from his unreleased fifth studio album Set Me Free. It was written by Stewart and Jesse Saunders, and produced by Saunders. It reached No. 45 on the Billboard Hot Dance Maxi-Singles Sales chart.

Background
"Set Me Free" was Stewart's debut single for Reprise Records and saw him embarking on a Hip Hop/House-influenced sound. "Set Me Free" was aimed at the club scene, with various remixes created by David Shaw and Winston Jones. When the single was met with limited commercial success, Reprise shelved the upcoming album of the same name. Stewart began recording a new album, Believe in Me, in the mid-1990s, but he died of AIDS-related liver cancer in March 1997 before it was completed.

Music video
The song's music video was directed by David Florimbi and Rupert Wainwright, and produced by Paul Schiefer for Fragile Films, with Terance Power as the executive producer.

Critical reception
On its release, Larry Flick of Billboard commented, "Long-absent Stewart switches labels with a slick, trend-conscious funk jam that benefits greatly from his warm and appealing voice. Tasty remixes inject a slinky, R&B-juiced house tone that could work equally well over urban airwaves and on club dancefloors."

Formats
12-inch single

"Set Me Free" (Classical Club Mix) - 6:46
"Set Me Free" (Classical Club-Stremental) - 6:20
"Set Me Free" (Ambient House Mix) - 4:16
"Set Me Free" (Funky Dub Version) - 6:14
"Set Me Free" (Piano Trax) - 5:57
"Set Me Free" (Don't Call Me I'll Call U R&B Version) - 5:30CD single

"Set Me Free" (I Gotta Go Single Edit) - 3:44
"Set Me Free" (Album Version) - 4:17
"Set Me Free" (Don't Call Me I'll Call U R&B Version) - 5:30
"Set Me Free" (Classical Club Mix) - 6:46
"Set Me Free" (Ambient House Mix) - 4:16

Personnel
Executive Producer – Benny Medina
Keyboards – Cevin Fisher, Fred McFarlane, Peter Daou
Producer - Jesse Saunders
Co-producer – Jermaine Stewart
Remixes of "Set Me Free", Additional Producer – David Shaw, Winston Jones
Remixer of "Set Me Free (Ambient House Mix)" - Jesse Saunders

Charts


Gong Yuanxing (Chinese: 龚元兴; born March 1952) is a former Chinese diplomat.

Biography
Gong was born in Shanghai, in March 1952. After university, he was assigned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 1975-1979 he was a staff member in the Chinese Embassy in the Republic of Niger. He returned to China in 1979 and that same year worked in the Translation Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 1983, he pursued advanced studies in France, where he studied at the Bordeaux Montaigne University, University of Sorbonne Nouvelle Paris 3 and the Sciences Po. He returned to China in 1985 and worked in the Translation Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He served as counsellor of the Chinese Embassy in the Republic of Chad from 1996 to 1997 and counsellor of the Chinese Embassy of the Republic of Mali between 1997 and 2001. In 2001 he was appointed Chinese ambassador to Guinea, replacing Shi Tongning. He returned to China in 2004 and briefly served as deputy director of the Foreign Affairs Office of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. In 2005 he was appointed Chinese ambassador to Morocco. He served from 2005 through 2008. In 2009 he was appointed Chinese Ambassador to Senegal in succession to Lu Shaye. He retired from the Diplomatic Service in August 2012.

Personal life
Gong is married and has a daughter.

Award
In 2012, he was awarded the National Lion Medal by the President of Senegal Macky Sall.


The Sacred Union (French: Union Sacrée, French: [ynjɔ̃ sakʁe]) was a political truce in France in which the left-wing agreed, during World War I, not to oppose the government or call any strikes. Made in the name of patriotism, it stood in opposition to the pledge made by the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) internationalism, and its former leader Jean Jaurès, not to enter any "bourgeois war." Although an important part of the socialist movement joined the Union sacrée, some trade unionists such as Pierre Monatte opposed it.On 3 August 1914, Germany declared war on France. The next day, Prime Minister Rene Viviani read an address written by the President of the French Republic, Raymond Poincaré:

« Dans la guerre qui s'engage, la France […] sera héroïquement défendue par tous ses fils, dont rien ne brisera devant l'ennemi l'union sacrée »
("In the coming war, France will be heroically defended by all its sons, whose sacred union will not break in the face of the enemy").This political movement may have been an attempt to create solidarity during a time when the largely pacifist French Socialist Party threatened a general strike, while many French Catholics felt slighted by a 1905 law separating church and state. Elements of nationalism, that the Germans attacked rather than the French, anti-German propaganda, and a desire to regain the former French territory of Alsace-Moselle may have provided further impetus for the movement.

See also
Burgfriedenspolitik, German equivalent
União Sagrada, Portuguese equivalent
Gerd Krumeich: Burgfrieden/Union sacrée, in: 1914-1918-online. International Encyclopedia of the First World War.


James Bruce Tomkins  (born 19 August 1965) is an Australian rower, seven-time World Champion and a three-time Olympic gold medalist. He is Australia's most awarded oarsman, having made appearances at six Olympic games (for three gold and one bronze medal); eleven World Championships (for seven world titles including one in each of the five sweep oar events); four Rowing World Cups (for two titles) and eighteen state representative King's Cup appearances – the Australian blue riband men's VIII event, (for fifteen victories, ten as stroke). Tomkins is one of only five Australian athletes and four rowers worldwide to compete at six Olympics. From 1990 to 1998 he was the stroke of Australia's prominent world class crew – the coxless four known as the Oarsome Foursome.

Club and state rowing
Tomkins took up rowing at Carey Baptist Grammar School. He stroked the Carey First VIII in both of his senior years, 1982 and 1983. His long senior club career was with the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne.Tomkins was selected in Victorian state representative King's Cup crews contesting the men's Interstate Eight-Oared Championship at the Australian Rowing Championships on eighteen occasions from 1985 to 2004. Tomkins was in winning Victorian King's Cup crews on fifteen occasions, for ten of which he was in stroke seat.Tomkins competed in Mercantile colours in the National Regatta at the Australian Rowing Championships in coxless pairs and in coxed and coxless fours from 1985. He won Australian national titles at those Australian Rowing Championships in 1985, 1987 & 1988 in a 2-; in 1986 & 1987 in a 4+; and in 1988 & 1990 in a 4- with other members of the Oarsome Foursome.

International representative rowing
In 1985, Tomkins first made the Australian national team as stroke of the senior men's eight for the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel Belgium. The Australian eight finished in ninth place. In 1986, the Australian eight stroked by Steve Evans won a gold medal at the 1986 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham, England with Tomkins rowing in the six seat. That same crew rowed to victory at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, and Tomkins won a Commonwealth Games gold medal. Tomkins also stroked a coxed four to a bronze medal at those same games.At the World Championships in Copenhagen 1987 Tomkins was in the six seat when the men's VIII finished in fourth place  and at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the Australian eight finished fourth with Tomkins again rowing at six.In 1990 with his Mercantile clubmates Samuel Patten & Mike McKay and Nick Green from the Melbourne University Boat Club, Tomkins began racing an Australian representative coxless four.  Their success was immediate.  They won the 1990 and 1991 World Championships. After Andrew Cooper replaced Samuel Patten, they followed up with a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. The crew's success gained them the nickname Oarsome Foursome and lifted the profile of rowing in Australia. The crew repeated its gold medal performance at the 1996 Summer Olympics, this time with Drew Ginn replacing Andrew Cooper.At the 1998 World Championships, the Oarsome Foursome raced and won the men's coxed four world title with Brett Hayman in the stern. Tomkins, Green and Hayman also took the world title at that same regatta as a coxed pair. In 1999, the boat would go on to try out, but lose the 1999 Australian selection trials in a coxless four.  Tomkins and Drew Ginn decided to switch to a coxless pair and won the 1999 World Championship. This win established Tomkins as the first man to win a gold medal at World Championships in each of the five sweep rowing events.Tomkins and Ginn had planned to row the pair at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, but while in Europe preparing for the games, a severe back injury requiring surgery sidelined Ginn.  On short notice, Tomkins teamed with team alternate Matthew Long, (who had to switch from stroke side to bow side) and they raced a surprising third at the Lucerne World Cup race.  Tomkins and Long were selected to represent Australia, and at the Olympics, they finished third behind France and the United States, just 1.3 seconds out of first place.

Returning to a coxless pair in 2002, Ginn and Tomkins beat the heavily favoured British crew of Matthew Pinsent and James Cracknell in a world cup race before finishing a close fourth at the 2002 World Championships.   In 2003, Ginn and Tomkins reversed the prior years result winning the 2003 World Championship, with Pinsent and Cracknell placing fourth. In 2004, Pinsent and Cracknell moved to the coxless four to better their chances for a medal.  Ginn and Tomkins would go on to win the coxless pair at the 2004 Summer Olympics, leading at every mark, beating Croatia by 2 seconds, with South Africa claiming the bronze.
Tomkins was selected in the men's eight for the 2007 World Rowing Championships in Munich, placing a disappointing 4th.  He competed in his sixth Olympic Games at Beijing following the disqualification of the Russian Federation boat as a result of a doping scandal. Tomkins was the Australian flag bearer at the Opening Ceremony.  Tomkins and his crew finished last in the final of the men's eight and 6th overall at the Beijing Games.He is one of four athletes to compete in rowing at six Olympics, along with Romanian Elisabeta Oleniuc Lipă in 2004, Canadian cox Lesley Thompson, and Estonian Jüri Jaanson.

Accolades
James Tomkins was announced as the 2008 Victorian Father of the Year by the Father's Day Council of Victoria Inc.
In 2010 he was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame and that same year the International Rowing Federation awarded Tomkins the Thomas Keller Medal for his outstanding international rowing career. It is the sport's highest honor and is awarded within five years of the athlete's retirement, acknowledging an exceptional career and exemplary sportsmanship.In 2012 he was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame and was elected to the IOC Athletes' Commission. He will serve as an IOC member for eight years.Tomkins also helped to build the Carey/Yarra Yarra Boat Sheds on the Yarra River in Melbourne. There is an eight named after him in Carey boatshed.

Achievements
2008 Beijing Olympics Australian Flag Bearer
Olympic Medals: 3 Gold, 1 Bronze
World Championship Medals: 7 Gold
Commonwealth Games Medals: 1 Gold, 1 Bronze
King's Cup: 15 Championships
FISA World Cups: 2 Gold
FISA Crew of the Year: 2003, Coxless Pair
Thomas Keller Medal: 2010

Olympic Games
2008 – 6th, Eight
2004 – Gold, Coxless Pair (with Drew Ginn)
2000 – Bronze, Coxless Pair (with Matthew Long)
1996 – Gold, Coxless Four (with Nick Green, Drew Ginn, Mike McKay)
1992 – Gold, Coxless Four (with Nick Green, Andrew Cooper, Mike McKay)
1988 – 5th, Eight

World championships
2007 – 7th, Eight
2003 – Gold, Coxless Pair (with Drew Ginn)
2002 – 4th, Coxless Pair (with Drew Ginn)
1999 – Gold, Coxless Pair (with Drew Ginn)
1998 – Gold, Coxed Four (with Nick Green, Mike McKay, Drew Ginn and Brett Hayman
1998 – Gold, Coxed Pair (with Nick Green and Brett Hayman
1995 – 5th, Coxless Four (with Nick Green, Drew Ginn, Mike McKay)
1991 – Gold, Coxless Four (with Nick Green, Samuel Patten, Mike McKay)
1990 – Gold, Coxless Four (with Nick Green, Samuel Patten, Mike McKay)
1987 – 4th, Eight
1986 – Gold, Eight
1985 – 9th, Eight

FISA World Cups
2008 – 4th, Eight, World Cup II
2008 – 1st, Eight, World Cup I
2007 – 6th, Eight, World Cup III
2007 – 10th, Eight, World Cup II
2002 – 1st, Coxless Pair, World Cup II

The Kings Cup
2008– 2nd, New South Wales (1st)
2007– 1st
2004– 2nd, New South Wales (1st)
2003– 1st
2002– 1st
2000– 1st
1999– 2nd, Western Australia (1st)
1998– 1st
1996– 1st
1995– 1st
1994– 1st
1992– 1st
1991– 1st
1990– 1st
1988– 1st
1987– 1st
1986– 1st
1984– 1st

Commonwealth Games
1986 – Gold, Eight. Bronze, Coxed Four (with James Galloway, Andrew Cooper, Mike McKay and Dale Caterson (cox)).

See also
List of athletes with the most appearances at Olympic Games

References
External links
James Tomkins at World Rowing
James Tomkins at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
James Tomkins at the International Olympic CommitteeThe LKS Mackinnon Stakes, raced as the Paramount+ Mackinnon Stakes, is a Victoria Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race run under Weight for Age conditions over a distance of 2000 metres at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne, Australia on the last day of the Melbourne Cup Carnival, the Saturday after the Melbourne Cup. Total prize money is A$2,000,000.

History
The race is named after a former chairman of the Victoria Racing Club, Lauchlan Kenneth Scobie ("L.K.S.") MacKinnon (1861–1935). It was originally held on the first day of the Melbourne Cup Carnival, Victoria Derby Day. In 2016, the VRC moved the race as the feature of the last day of the carnival, and moved the Cantala Stakes (the then feature of the last day of the carnival and at the time known as the Emirates Stakes) to the first day of the carnival. After the swap, the race would be known as simply the Emirates Stakes until 2017.Prior to 2016, many horses with a ranking high enough to avoid the ballot for the Melbourne Cup used the race as a lead-in to the 3,200 metre Cup, run on the first Tuesday in November (otherwise they race in the longer Hotham Handicap). The VRC believed that placing the race on the last day of the Melbourne Cup Carnival would attract quality horses, that raced in the W. S. Cox Plate, to run at the distance, rather than using the race to prepare for the Melbourne Cup.

Name
In 1937 the VRC moved the Melbourne Stakes to earlier in the spring, running it in September, over a shorter distance of 1 mile (1.6 km). The race was the predecessor to the Turnbull Stakes.

1869–1936 - Melbourne Stakes
1937–1986 - LKS Mackinnon Stakes
1987–1989 - Occidental Mackinnon Stakes
1990 - LKS Mackinnon Stakes
1991–2000 - Louis Vuitton Mackinnon Stakes
2001–2004 - Thrifty Mackinnon Stakes
2005–2006 - Motorola Mackinnon Stakes
2007 - L'Oreal Paris Mackinnon Stakes
2008 - Crown Mackinnon Stakes
2009 - LKS Mackinnon Stakes
2010–2015 - Longines Mackinnon Stakes
2016–2017 - Emirates Stakes
2018–2020 - Seppelt Mackinnon Stakes
2021– - Paramount+ Mackinnon Stakes

Distance
1869–1971 - 11⁄4 miles (~2000 metres)
1972 onwards -  2000 metres

Grade
1869–1978 -  Principal Race
1979 onwards - Group 1

Doubles wins
The following thoroughbreds have won the LKS MacKinnon Stakes – Melbourne Cup in the same year.

Malua (1884), Carbine (1890), Phar Lap (1930), Peter Pan (1932, 1934), The Trump (1937), Comic Court (1950), Delta (1951), Dalray (1952), Rising Fast (1954), Rain Lover (1968), At Talaq (1986), Empire Rose (1988), Let's Elope (1991), Rogan Josh (1999)

Winners since 2000
Earlier winners
Melbourne Stakes (1869–1936)
* The 1932 race was a dead-heat and has joint winners.

1946 &1954 racebooks
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races


Eriospermum zeyheri is a species of geophytic plant of the genus Eriospermum, indigenous to South Africa.

Description
The leaf is a rounded heart-shape (100mm x 65mm), and is prostrate, held flat against the ground. Several related species, such as Eriospermum capense, Eriospermum breviscapum and Eriospermum pubescens, have a similar heart-shaped leaf. 
However, the leaf of E.zeyheri is generally a lighter green above, and not a reddish colour below. It is also always pressed flat against the ground.
The irregular-shaped tuber of E.zeyheri is white-ish inside.
The pale, greenish-cream-coloured, fragrant, star-shaped flowers appear on a tall, thin inflorescence in December to March.

Distribution
This species occurs in renosterveld vegetation, in clay soils, across the southern Cape, South Africa, extending from McGregor as far east as the town of Grahamstown.


The fifth encirclement campaign against Jiangxi Soviet was a series of battles fought during the Chinese Civil War from 25 September 1933, to October 1934 between Chiang Kai-shek's Kuomintang and the Chinese Communists.  During this campaign, the Kuomintang successfully overran the communist Chinese Soviet Republic and forced the Communists on the run, an event later known as the Long March. Chiang Kai-shek and the Kuomintang termed this campaign the fifth encirclement campaign (Chinese: 第五次圍剿; pinyin: dì wǔ cì wéijiǎo), whilst the Chinese Communists termed it the fifth counter-encirclement campaign at the Central Soviet (Chinese: 中央苏区第五次反围剿; pinyin:zhōngyāng Sūqū dì wǔ cì fǎnwéijiǎo), also known as the fifth counter-encirclement campaign at the Central Revolutionary Base (Chinese: 中央革命根据地第五次反围剿; pinyin: Zhōngyāng gémìng gēnjùdì dì wǔ cì fǎnwéijiǎo) or fifth extermination campaign.

Prelude
After the failure of the fourth encirclement campaign in the spring of 1933, Chiang Kai-shek immediately mobilized troops for the next campaign. Nationalist troops eventually totaled more than one million, mostly forces under various regional warlords, of which the largest part were men from the Guangdong warlord Chen Jitang's army of 300,000+ (or 30% of the total nationalist force). Chen Jitang's troops were mobilized to blockade the southern border of the Jiangxi Soviet.  However, most of the warlords were somewhat half-hearted towards the campaign, due to a mixture of only wanting to keep their own power and having already seen four previous campaigns fail. In the end, the majority of warlord troops only participated as block-troops and occupiers of the captured communist regions. Chiang Kai-shek's own Kuomintang troops carried out the majority of the fighting.

As the commander-in-chief of the Nationalist forces, Chiang Kai-shek established his headquarters in Nanchang. In addition to mobilizing the warlords' troops, Chiang also adopted the strategy given to him by his German advisers' (Hans von Seeckt and Alexander von Falkenhausen), which involved the systematic encirclement of the Jiangxi Soviet region with fortified blockhouses. This method proved to be very effective. In an effort to break the blockade, the Red Army—under the orders of a three-man committee consisting of Bo Gu, Zhou Enlai and Li De (Otto Braun)—besieged the forts many times, but suffered heavy casualties with little success. The Jiangxi Soviet shrunk significantly due to the Chinese Red Army's disastrous loss of manpower and material throughout the year, and by the end only a handful of towns and cities remained in Communist hands.

First Phase
The campaign officially began on 25 September 1933, when the first Kuomintang assault on Communist positions was launched. Three days later the Communists lost Lichuan (黎川).  Although their force managed to stop the Nationalist advance on the southwest of Lichuan (黎川), further operations ended in failure: when the 24th division of the Chinese Red Army attempted to take Xiaoshi (硝石) on 9 October 1933, not only did the city remain firmly in Nationalist hands, but the communists were forced to withdraw over the next few days while suffering heavy casualties. Witnessing this success, Chiang Kai-shek issued a new order on 17 October 1933, requiring troops to follow the principle of tactical defense, strategic offense in order to perfect his German advisers' blockhouse strategy. In contrast, the Communist leadership refused to adjust their tactics and stubbornly continued futile attacks on Kuomintang blockhouses. Between September 25, 1933, and mid-November 1933, the Chinese Red Army failed to achieve any major victories and suffered serious losses, not only in battle but from defection and disease.

Second Phase
On 11 December 1933, a total of eight columns of Kuomintang troops ventured out of their fortifications and started the second offensive. The Communist leadership decided to face the numerically and technically superior Nationalist army in open battle. As a result, Communist forces suffered badly. By the end of January 1934, warlord forces began to participate, and men from the Fujian warlord armies struck from the east in coordination with Nationalists from the north and south.

Third Phase
On April 10, 1934, eleven divisions of the National Revolutionary Army began their attack on Guangchang (广昌), and the communists decided to concentrate a total of nine divisions in its defense. Due to overwhelming Nationalist superiority, Communist strongholds at Ganzhu (甘竹), Great Luo Mountain (大罗山) and Yanfuzhang (延福嶂) fell. On the dawn of 19 April 1934, the Communists launched a counterattack against the Nationalist force at the Great Luo Mountain, only to be driven off. On 27 April 1934, the Nationalists launched their final assault on Guangchang, succeeding in taking it by the evening and inflicting over 5,500 casualties on its Communist defenders. Remnants of the shattered Communist defense fled to the south and west under the cover of darkness.

Final phase
The three-man committee of the communist leadership divided their force into six different groups in early July 1934. On 5 August 1934, nine Nationalist divisions ventured out of their forts, taking areas north of Yiqian (驿前) and adjacent regions. By the late September 1934, the Chinese Soviet Republic was left with only Ruijin, Huichang, Xingguo, Ningdu, Shicheng, Ninghua and Changting.
It was at this point that Zhou Enlai's spy network within Chiang Kai-shek's headquarters in Nanchang passed intelligence to the Communists revealing that Chiang was massing for a final push. The decision was made to abandon the Jiangxi Soviet, resulting in the beginning of the Long March.  As a result of the Communist failure to defeat the fifth encirclement, the largest Communist base in China was lost.

Conclusion
Communist failures were mainly due to the policies of the Communist leadership:

The fifth encirclement campaign was a war of attrition, and the Communists were unable to replace lost troops and material. Unlike Mao Zedong, the new leadership believed the era of guerrilla warfare and mobile warfare was over, and tried to engage in regular warfare.
Hostility towards all Nationalist troops.  Under Mao's direction, warlord forces had been distinguished from Central Army units of Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist government, sometimes allowing for a tenuous neutrality with the warlords.  As a result, only 50,000 of Chiang Kai-shek's own troops were available in the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and - to a great degree - 4th encirclement campaigns.  When the new leadership took over, all Nationalist troops and those fighting with them were regarded as enemies of equal danger. Instead of having to fight an enemy force much smaller than it was on paper, the Communists had to fight a much larger enemy.
Static defense: in addition to head-on clashes, the Red Army was also ordered to emulate the Nationalist static defense. Unlike the Nationalist's concrete fortifications, which were immune to virtually all Communist bombardments, Communist bunkers were built with wood and mud and were susceptible not only to Nationalist artillery but even to heavy rain and wind.  These hastily, and badly constructed, bunkers only served to aid the Nationalists by becoming death traps for Communist defenders.
Poor use of intelligence. The Communist leadership lacked serious interest in intelligence collection or use.  While the Communists had already broken the Nationalist codes in the previous Counter encirclement campaigns, greatly helping in earlier successes, the new leadership did not trust the cryptography enough to make or alter plans according to new intelligence.  This problem continued until the Long March, when Mao finally returned to power and began utilizing both cryptographic and human intelligence collection as a major part of their campaigns.
Increased nationalist strength.  In previous campaigns, Nationalist forces had insufficient troops to occupy newly conquered regions or act as rearguards, so soldiers were only stationed in urban areas or fixed fortifications. Large gaps were left between these garrisons, which Communists were able to use to harry defences and penetrate deep into the heart of Nationalist-controlled regions.  During the fifth encirclement campaign, Chiang had ten times the number of troops at his disposal than in previous campaigns, with a total of half a million. As a result, the encirclement was far more effective, with gaps between garrisons eliminated and conquered regions more easily consolidated.

References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, ISBN 7-80149-207-2 (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, ISBN 7-5006-0081-X (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Libration War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, ISBN 7-202-00733-9 (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987, ISBN 7-212-00007-8
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004, ISBN 7-80199-029-3
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, ISBN 7-5033-1351-X (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992, ISBN 7-80019-338-1
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993, ISBN 7-5073-0074-9
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993 – 1997, ISBN 7-80021-719-1 (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)

See also
Chinese Civil War
Sino-German cooperation (1911–1941)
First encirclement campaign
Second encirclement campaign
Third encirclement campaign
Fourth encirclement campaignAlice Virginia Payne is a Canadian geologist, and became the first female president of the Canadian Society of Petroleum Geologists in 1992.

Early life and education
Born in Edmonton, Alberta in 1940 as the eldest of three children, Payne spent much of her time in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories supervising work at her father's gold mine and prospecting minerals. Her mother was a nurse and preferred for Payne to pursue a traditional woman's occupation, resulting in Payne's enrollment at Havergal College, an all-girls school in Toronto, in 1955. She was awarded the Old Girls Life Achievement Award by Havergal. Payne earned her BSc in Geology at the University of Alberta in 1962, and was the only female in her graduating class.

Career
After graduation, Payne joined the Geological Survey of Canada in 1962 where her work was limited to the lab, a typical situation as women-geologists worked only as lab technicians in the 1960s. Wanting to perform field work, Payne obtained an MSc in Geology at the University of Alberta in 1965, but the higher degree did not promote her to field work as she had hoped.Social norms towards female scientists were changing in the late 1960s, and Payne found work in short-term projects, and for the University. In 1979, Payne was hired as an exploration geologist for Gulf Canada Resources in Calgary, Alberta where she continued as Senior Geologist for 15 years. During her time at Gulf Canada Resources, she used her expertise in hardrock mining to introduce a new method for searching for oil and gas, and was eventually promoted to supervisor, a rarity in those times for a woman. 
In 1992, she became the first female president of the Canadian Society of Petroleum Geologists (CSPG), then acted as director of the Calgary Science Centre from 1995 to 1997. Payne retired in 1995, and started her own company Arctic Enterprises Limited.In 2000, she published Quin Kola: Tom Payne's Search for Gold about her father.

Awards
Order of Canada (1997)
YWCA of Calgary's Women of Distinction for Science, Technology and the Environment (1998)
1997-1998 Service Awards (CSPG) [1]
2000 Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree, University of Calgary [2]

References
Further reading
Canadian Society of Petroleum Geologists 1997-1998 ReportMegaelosia jordanensis is a species of frog in the family Hylodidae. It is endemic to southeastern Brazil and only known from its type locality, Campos do Jordão in the São Paulo state.
Its natural habitat is forest at 1,700 m (5,600 ft) asl.Tadpoles are large, measuring up to 107 mm (4.2 in) in total length, of which the tail makes about two thirds.


Donja Lisina (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Лисина) is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 316 people.


Jennifer Schultz (born 1971/72) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), she represents District 7A in northeastern Minnesota.

Early life and education
Schultz was raised in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin. She attended the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire, graduating with a bachelor's degree in political science; Washington State University, graduating with an M.A. in economics; and the University of Minnesota, graduating with a Ph.D. in health services research, policy, and administration, with a concentration in health economics.

Minnesota House of Representatives
Schultz was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 2014.

Personal life
Schultz is married to Rob Weidner. They have two children and reside in Duluth, Minnesota. She is a professor of health care economics at the University of Minnesota Duluth.

References
External links
Jennifer Schultz at Minnesota Legislators Past & Present
Rep. Jennifer Schultz official Minnesota House of Representatives website
Jennifer Schultz official campaign websiteOn February 16, 1996, a MARC commuter train collided with Amtrak's Capitol Limited passenger train in Silver Spring, Maryland, United States, killing three crew and eight passengers on the MARC train; a further eleven passengers on the same train and fifteen passengers and crew on the Capitol Limited were injured. Total damage was estimated at $7.5 million.
An investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) found that the crew of the MARC train had forgotten the indication of an approach signal which they had passed before a station stop, and as a consequence could not slow down in time after encountering a stop signal.
The crash led to the creation of comprehensive federal rules for passenger car design, the first in the history of passenger service in the U.S., as well as changes to operating rules.

Accident
The two-track railroad line between Brunswick, Maryland, and Union Station in Washington, D.C., is owned by CSX Transportation (save for approaches to Union Station) and is known as the Metropolitan Subdivision. MARC operates commuter services, known as the Brunswick Line, from Washington to Brunswick and points west. Amtrak operates the single daily Capitol Limited, a Washington–Chicago overnight train, over the route as well, though it makes fewer stops.: 22 MARC No. 286 departed Brunswick at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time on February 16, 1996, traveling eastbound. No. 286 was a Brunswick–Washington, D.C., commuter train with a scheduled arrival at Union Station of 5:30 pm. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) described the conditions that day as a "blowing snowfall", with a 5-inch (130 mm) accumulation. At the time, CSX provided the operating crew for MARC commuter trains under contract to the Maryland Mass Transit Administration; aboard were an engineer, conductor, and assistant conductor.: 1  The train consisted of EMD GP39H-2 diesel locomotive number 73, two passenger coaches, and a control car. The train operated in push mode, meaning that the locomotive was on the rear of the train and the locomotive engineer controlled operations from the control car in the front.: 6  MARC No. 286 had twenty passengers on board.: 1 Amtrak No. 29, the Capitol Limited, departed Union Station at 5:25 pm, traveling westbound towards Chicago. That day the Amtrak train consisted of two diesel locomotives, an EMD F40PHR no. 255 leading and a GE P40DC no. 811 trailing; six material handling cars; a baggage car; a Superliner transition sleeping car; two Superliner sleeping cars; a Superliner dining car; a Superliner Sightseer Lounge car; two Superliner coaches; and a Hi-Level dormitory-coach. The Capitol Limited had four crew, fourteen service personnel, and 164 passengers on board.: 1–6 The two tracks of the Metropolitan Subdivision are numbered 1 and 2. MARC No. 286 was on track 2, having made a flag stop at Kensington to pick up two passengers. The Capitol Limited was also on track 2, having passed a stopped freight train on track 1. Both trains were approaching Georgetown Junction, where the Capitol Limited was to switch to track 1. The signal protecting Georgetown Junction indicated "stop" on track 2, which would have the effect of stopping MARC No. 286 and permitting the Capitol Limited to change tracks. Before reaching Kensington MARC No. 286 passed an approach signal. The purpose of that signal was to warn the train's crew that the next signal would be a stop signal and that maximum speed was restricted to 30 miles per hour (48 km/h). For reasons unknown, the crew of MARC No. 286 did not obey this restriction, and, after departing Kensington, the train reached 66 miles per hour (106 km/h) before the crew applied the emergency brakes. The Capitol Limited had reached Georgetown Junction and begun crossing over to track 1. MARC No. 286 struck the Amtrak train at approximately 38 miles per hour (61 km/h) at 5:39 pm.: 1–6 All three crew members aboard the MARC train were killed, along with eight passengers. 26 people were injured. The collision destroyed both MARC passenger cars and the control car as well as one of the two Amtrak locomotives, EMD F40PHR No. 255. The turnouts at Georgetown Junction were damaged and had to be replaced. The total property damage was estimated at $7.5 million.: 7–8

Investigation
It was clear from the outset that MARC No. 286 had not complied with the speed restrictions of the approach signal and consequently overran the stop signal, making the crash inevitable. The deaths of all three MARC crew members in the collision meant that the reason for the failure would remain unknown; in its report NTSB ascribed it to "the apparent failure of the engineer and the train crew because of multiple distractions to operate MARC train 286.": vii  The focus of the investigators and the public shifted to safety systems that could have prevented the crash and the design of the commuter rail cars themselves.
One of the crew members and seven of the eight MARC passengers who died were killed not by the collision itself but by a fire started when the exposed diesel fuel tanks on the Amtrak locomotive ruptured. Emergency responders were unable to open the doors on the lead passenger car. Passengers on other cars reported trying to break the window glass but being unable to do so. The NTSB found the existing emergency egress standards for passenger cars were inadequate, and recommended multiple changes, including:: 74–75 
that passenger cars be required to have "quick release" mechanisms for exterior doors
that passenger car windows be removable in the event of an emergency
that emergency exits be marked with "luminescent or retroreflective material"Prior to the NTSB issuing its report MARC had taken steps in that direction, including the installation of more emergency windows, the improvement of door release mechanisms, and improved emergency signage.Much criticism focused on the role of human error in the collision; once the engineer had forgotten (or missed) the approach signal there was no automatic system to prevent the collision. The NTSB noted that had a positive train control system been in place on the Metropolitan Subdivision the collision would have been less likely: the system would have detected MARC #286's unauthorized speed and stopped the train.: 73  The NTSB also strongly criticized CSX and the Federal Transit Administration for the removal of a signal between Kensington and Georgetown Junction as part of capacity improvements on the Metropolitan Subdivision. The NTSB argued that having this signal after Kensington would have reduced the likelihood of the sort of human error which caused the crash, and in the NTSB's view CSX and the FTA did not properly assess the effects of removing the signal.: 53–63

Aftermath
Following the accident, the engineer and conductor of the Capitol Limited filed lawsuits against Amtrak, CSX and the state of Maryland for $103 million (1996 USD) alleging negligence, singling out the removal of the signal between Kensington and Georgetown Junction and the operator error by the MARC engineer. Both men claimed that the injuries they sustained in the crash "prevent[ed] them from returning to work". In 1999, responding to the crash, the Federal Railroad Administration issued comprehensive rules for passenger car design, "the first ...in the 169-year history of rail passenger service". The new rules required that new control cars and multiple units be built to higher crashworthiness standards.

Several memorials were erected to commemorate the dead. In Silver Spring, a plaque was placed on a bridge above the crash site. In Brunswick, there is a stone with the names and pictures of the three CSX crewmen engraved on it. The stone was paid for by private donations. The eight passengers who died were all students at the Harpers Ferry Job Corps Center. Students there erected a memorial flanked by weeping cherry trees.

See also
1987 Maryland train collision
 Rüsselsheim train disaster, a similar accident that occurred in West Germany in 1990
List of rail accidents (1990–1999)

References
External links
 Media related to 1996 Silver Spring, Maryland, train collision at Wikimedia CommonsMad Mines is a fixed shooter video game written for the TRS-80 by Yves Lempereur and published by Funsoft in 1982.

Gameplay
Mad Mines is a game in which space mines float above a protective force field and the player uses a cannon to shoot them.

Reception
Dick McGrath reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "The originality is pretty low here, so Mad Mines [...] gets a 4 [out of 10]." In a review of six TRS-80 games for Creative Computing, Owen Linzmayer was more impressed: Mad Mines is one of the most professional arcade games available. It is constantly challenging because it requires both dexterity and strategy. I have a special bunch of games that I keep on-hand to show off to friends–Mad Mines has earned its place in that limited group.
Linzmayer described Mad Mines as a combination of the Apple II games Space Eggs, and Ceiling Zero.

References
External links
80-U.S. article about Funsoft
Gamer's Guide in Electronic Fun with Computers & GamesCornelli "Nelli" Antoinette Hariëtte Cooman (born 6 June 1964) is a former Dutch athlete of Surinamese origin. At the 60 metres, she is two-time World indoor champion, six-time European indoor champion and former world record holder, running 7.00 secs in 1986. She also won 19 national titles.Cooman grew up in Suriname in a family together with four sisters and one brother. When she was eight, the family moved to Rotterdam in the Netherlands. She started to play soccer and soon got the nickname "Miss Pele". At sixteen, she was discovered to be a very good sprinter during a sporting event at school; thus she began a career in athletics. Three months later, she competed in the European Junior Championships in Utrecht and finished seventh in the 100 m sprint. At seventeen, she won the silver medal in the National Championships. After graduating secondary school she turned professional with Henk Kraaijenhof as trainer.
During her time as a professional athlete from 1984 to 1995 she was twice world indoor champion in the 60 m (1987 and 1989), and six times European indoor champion. At the 1986 European Indoor Championships she won in a time of 7.00 seconds, setting a world record. Because of that achievement she was elected Dutch Sportswoman of the year. Her world record lasted until February 1992 and still stands as national record. Cooman took part twice in the Summer Olympics for the Netherlands: in 1988 in the 100 metres and 4 × 100 m relay and in 1992 in 100 metres.In 1995, Cooman ended her career as a professional athlete.

Achievements
Trivia
Since 1997 the Nelli Cooman Games are organised in the city of Stadskanaal. At first these games were only for youth-category competitors but they grew to be a national A-status KNAU (Royal Dutch Track and Field Union) event. Cooman is the 'honorary chairwoman' of this event.Dutch singer Gerard Cox wrote a song about Nelli Cooman to a tune by Stevie Wonder.

References
External links
Nelli Cooman Games
Nelli Cooman at World AthleticsRostam Mirlashari (Persian: رستم میرلاشاری; born 22 January 1961 in Zahedan, Iran) is a Balochi singer from Iran, based in Sweden. He makes songs in Balochi, Kurdish, Persian and other Iranian languages.

Background
Mirlashari grew up in Sistan-Baluchistan a province of Iran and was inspired by his parents Shah Soltan Shiranzaei and Hossein Mirlashari who were both singers. Mirlashari studied civil engineering, worked in the building industry and was a director of a construction company in Minab. He is fluent in Persian, Swedish and English in addition to his native Balochi. According to Pakistan Idol, Mirlashari is known for being the prince of Balochi music.

Sweden
In 1991, the political situation and fear for his life in Sistan and Baluchestan Province convinced him to leave Iran and move to Sweden. In 1994, he established a band made up of a mix of musicians from Balochistan, Sweden, Africa and a few European countries. He called the band Golbang (Persian: گلبانگ; pronounced Golbāng). He is an active musician and considers himself to be a member of both the Swedish culture and the Balouch culture. Mirlashari also studied at The Royal College of Music in Stockholm.

Pakistan
He sang an old and famous balochi song Laila O Laila on Coke Studio Pakistan (Season 6) episode 4 aired on 21 December 2013. His performance received positive reviews from the public.

Discography
Omit in 1998
Padik in 2000
Golbang in 2000
Saali nó in 2003" Sheida" single 2007
" Nouruz" EP 2008

Setareh in 2009"Hela Världen" (Anders Nyberg ensemble, a compilation album on which Rostam performs) 2009
"Morid" (Golbang, EP) 2012
"Padik" (Padik) 2013

"Morid" (Golbang) 2016
Pour-Afrigha (Feat Saeid Shanbehzadeh) 2017

References
External links
Rostam Mirlashari at The International Artist Database
Coke Studio Pakistan at YouTube
Coke Studio Pakistan Facebook
Coke Studio Pakistan at Sound CloudTharindu Karunaratne (born 1 September 1994) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 9 December 2016. He made his Twenty20 debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 15 February 2019. He made his List A debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 4 March 2019.

References
External links
Tharindu Karunaratne at ESPNcricinfoBranislav Rzeszoto (born 3 November 1975 in Žilina) is a Slovakian former football goalkeeper.

Club career
Rzeszoto previously played for MŠK Žilina, FC Spartak Trnava and ŠK Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Corgoň Liga. He also played for FC Tescoma Zlín and FC Vysočina Jihlava in the Czech Gambrinus liga. Rzeszoto also had a brief spell with APOEL in Cyprus.


The Blue Castle is a 1926 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery, best known for her novel Anne of Green Gables (1908).
The story is set during the 1920s in the fictional town of Deerwood, located in the Muskoka region of Ontario, Canada. Deerwood is based on Bala, Ontario, which Montgomery visited in 1922. Maps of the two towns show similarities.
This novel is considered one of L.M. Montgomery's few adult works of fiction, along with A Tangled Web, and is the only book she wrote that is entirely set outside of Prince Edward Island. It has grown in popularity since being republished in 1990. The book was adapted for the stage twice; in 1982 it was made into a successful Polish musical, and ten years later Canadian playwright Hank Stinson authored another version, The Blue Castle: A Musical Love Story.Colleen McCullough, author of The Thorn Birds, evidently used The Blue Castle as the basis of her novel The Ladies of Missalonghi—subconsciously, as she alleged—to the point of provoking accusations of plagiarism.The book's United States copyright was renewed in 1954.

Plot summary
Valancy Stirling is twenty-nine, unmarried (and thus considered an "old maid"), and has lived her entire life with her nagging mother and gossip-minded extended family who actively discourage happiness and treat Valancy like a child. She retreats from her unhappy circumstances with flights of imaginative fantasy, centring on daydreams of her imaginary "Blue Castle," and finding refuge in the books of her favourite author, John Foster, who writes about the great beauty of nature. When Valancy is diagnosed with a terminal heart ailment, she hides it from her family and, at the same time, realizes she has never been happy in her life, so she rebels against the colourless life that her family has always imposed on her. She begins by judging them objectively and, even worse, telling them exactly what she thinks, causing the Stirling clan to conclude that Valancy has suddenly lost her mind.
Valancy decides to move out of her mother's house and take a position as a housekeeper for a friend of hers, Cissy Gay, who is now gravely ill. Cissy and Valancy had known each other as children, but Cissy became ostracized from society for having a child out of wedlock, as well as on account of her father, Roaring Abel, and his reckless, usually-drunken behaviour. Cissy and Valancy share a room and rebuild their friendship. Valancy enjoys being paid a salary and spending her money in ways her family would not approve, such as purchasing a brightly-coloured, low-necked dress. She also begins spending time with Barney Snaith, who visits often as a friend to Roaring Abel and Cissy, but who the townspeople are convinced is a criminal and/or the father of Cissy's illegitimate, now-deceased child.
Just before the end of her life, Cissy confides in Valancy about the man she fell in love with. He had offered to marry her when she told him she was pregnant, but she refused because she saw that he did not love her any more. Her baby compensated for her heartbreak, but when her baby died, she was devastated. Cissy eventually passes away, and Valancy's family expects her to move back home, having magnanimously decided to forgive her recent behaviour. They are momentarily appeased when Valancy agrees that she will not stay with Roaring Abel; however, she does not plan to move back home. Instead, she proposes to Barney, revealing that she is dying and wants to enjoy the remaining time she has left. She confesses that she has fallen in love with him but tells him that she does not expect him to feel the same. Barney agrees to marry her, and they have a quiet ceremony the next day. Valancy's family is horrified upon discovering that she has married such a disreputable man (although there is no real evidence to justify his reputation), and they effectively disown her.
Barney takes Valancy to his home on a wooded island, located on the lake Mistawis, which Valancy comes to see as being very much like the Blue Castle to which she used to escape in her imagination. Together they get along very well, though he forbids her from ever entering a certain room in the house: Bluebeard's Chamber. Barney and Valancy share wonderful conversations and take long walks on the island, and she often quotes to him from books by John Foster. They celebrate Christmas, and he gives her a necklace of pearl beads.
Just when the year she was given to live is almost over, Valancy gets her shoe stuck in a train track and is nearly killed by an oncoming train. Barney saves her in the nick of time, risking his own life to do so. After the shock passes, Valancy realizes that she should have died because the doctor had told her any sudden shock would kill her. Barney is likewise stunned by the experience because he realizes that he has come to love Valancy, who, he believes, must soon die from her heart condition. Instead of telling Valancy how he feels, he retreats to his beloved woods to think. Valancy assumes that he has left because, having married her out of pity, he now realizes he is trapped in a marriage he doesn't want. Valancy goes back to the doctor, who realizes that he sent Valancy a letter with a diagnosis meant for a Miss Sterling, not Stirling, who did have a fatal heart condition; Valancy's condition was never serious.
As she arrives home from the doctor, with Barney still away, she finds a gaudily dressed man waiting near their home. He introduces himself as Barney's father, Dr. Redfern, the millionaire who invented Redfern's Purple Pills and other patent medicines. Dr. Redfern explains that years ago, Barney left town abruptly without word to his father, who had no way of tracking him down until Barney withdrew $15,000 from his bank account to buy Valancy's necklace, alerting his father to his whereabouts. Barney's father wants him to come back to him, as Barney is the only family he has. Thinking that Barney believes she tricked him into marriage, Valancy decides to leave him and return to her mother's house so he can be free. While searching for a pencil to write Barney an explanatory note, she goes into his secret room and discovers that he is also John Foster, the author of her favourite books. She writes the note, explaining the mix-up behind her diagnosis and asking for a divorce, and leaves behind the necklace.
Valancy returns home and reveals to her family that Barney is a millionaire and the son of the famous Dr. Redfern, as well as the noted literary figure John Foster. Barney's millionaire status instantly erases any misgivings her family had about him, and they are determined that Barney and Valancy must stay together. Barney, upon finding Valancy's note, rushes to the house to see Valancy and asks her to come back. At first she refuses, believing that he is only asking her out of pity. When he becomes angry at her, thinking that she is refusing him because she is ashamed of his father's patent medicine business, she realizes he does really love her and agrees to come back to him. Barney tells Valancy how much he has grown to love her and explains that he truly wants to spend the rest of his life with her. The book closes with Valancy and Barney getting ready to leave on a global trip for further adventures while her "own Blue Castle," their home on Barney's small island, will be waiting for their return.

Characters
Valancy Jane Stirling (also referred to as "Doss" by her family)
Barney Snaith (an alias of Bernard Snaith Redfern)
Mrs. Frederick Stirling (Amelia), Valancy's mother
Cousin Christine Stickles, a middle-aged family member who lives with Valancy and her mother
Cousin Olive, a cousin Valancy's age who is considered the family favorite
Cousin Georgiana
Uncle Benjamin
Aunt Alberta & Uncle Herbert
Aunt & Uncle Wellington
Dr. Trent, the doctor who misdiagnoses Valancy
Cecilia "Cissy" Gay, a childhood friend of Valancy's
Roaring Abel Gay, Cissy Gay's unruly father
Dr. Stalling, the reverend of the Stirlings' Anglican church
Mr. Towers, the pastor of Valancy's Free Methodist church
Edward Beck, an elderly widower who proposes marriage to Valancy
Ethel Traverse, a woman Barney had previously been in love with
Dr. Redfern, Barney's millionaire father

First Edition Notes
‘Almost all editions of The Blue Castle lack dust jackets. The true first edition does not have a castle on the front boards, it was added after Montgomery had commented, "Not so pretty. A plain cover."

See also
The Ladies of Missalonghi, similar novel by Colleen McCullough

References
External links
The Blue Castle at Faded Page (Canada)
The Blue Castle - online text from Project Gutenberg
The Blue Castle - online text from Project Gutenberg in HTML format
An L.M. Montgomery Resource Page Resource for all things L.M. Montgomery, includes The Blue Castle Encyclopedia and more on Valancy
Bala's Museum The setting for The Blue Castle
The Blue Castle: A Musical Love Story a 1997 musical adapted from the book by Hank Stinson
L.M. Montgomery Online Formerly the L.M. Montgomery Research Group, this site includes a blog, extensive lists of primary and secondary materials, detailed information about Montgomery's publishing history, and a filmography of screen adaptations of Montgomery texts. See, in particular, the page about The Blue Castle.
The L.M. Montgomery Literary Society This site  includes information about Montgomery's works and life and research from the newsletter, The Shining Scroll. See the article "Muskoka Dream: L.M. Montgomery at Bala Ontario, Creating The Blue Castle" on The Shining Scroll Newsletter Online page.Lucy Maud Montgomery and Bala

Lucy Maud Montgomery: A Love Story of the North Woods, by Jack Hutton, Linda Jackson-Hutton, published by Bala's Museum with Memories of Lucy Maud Montgomery,1998 ISBN 0-9683934-0-3  Source:  www.bala.net/museumOn-Demand Routing ("ODR") is an enhancement to Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP), a protocol used to discover other Cisco devices on either broadcast or non-broadcast media.
With the help of CDP, it is possible to find the device type, the IP address, the Cisco IOS version running on the neighbor Cisco device, the capabilities of the neighbor device, and so on. In Cisco IOS software release 11.2, ODR was added to CDP to advertise the connected IP prefix of a stub router via CDP. This feature takes an extra five bytes for each network or subnet, four  Bytes for the IP address, and one byte to advertise the subnet mask along with the IP. ODR is able to carry Variable Length Subnet Mask (VLSM) information.

External links
ODR, Cisco introduction to ODRAngakauitai is an island of the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia. It has an area of 0.7 km2 and its highest point is at 139 m. It is administratively part of the Gambier Islands. It is uninhabited.

See also

Desert island
List of islands


Autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets (ADHR) is a rare hereditary disease in which excessive loss of phosphate in the urine leads to poorly formed bones (rickets), bone pain, and tooth abscesses. ADHR is caused by a mutation in the fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23). ADHR affects men and women equally; symptoms may become apparent at any point from childhood through early adulthood. Blood tests reveal low levels of phosphate (hypophosphatemia) and inappropriately normal levels of vitamin D. Occasionally, hypophosphatemia may improve over time as urine losses of phosphate partially correct.ADHR may be lumped in with X-linked hypophosphatemia under general terms such as hypophosphatemic rickets. Hypophospatemic rickets are associated with at least nine other genetic mutations. Clinical management of hypophospatemic rickets may differ depending on the specific mutations associated with an individual case, but treatments are aimed at raising phosphate levels to promote normal bone formation.

References
Further reading
"Hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets". Genetics Home Reference. September 2010. Archived from the original on 10 October 2012. Retrieved 10 October 2012.
"Hypophosphatemic Rickets". The Merck Manual Home Health Handbook. Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. December 2006. Archived from the original on 10 October 2012. Retrieved 10 October 2012.


== External links ==Myles Walter Keogh (25 March 1840 – 25 June 1876) was an Irish soldier. He served in the armies of the Papal States during the war for Italian unification in 1860, and was recruited into the Union Army during the American Civil War, serving as a cavalry officer, particularly under Brig. Gen. John Buford during the Gettysburg Campaign and the three-day Battle of Gettysburg. After the war, Keogh remained in the regular United States Army as commander of I Troop of the 7th Cavalry Regiment under George Armstrong Custer during the Indian Wars, until he was killed along with Custer and all of his men at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876.

Career
Myles Keogh was born in Orchard House, Leighlinbridge, County Carlow, on 25 March 1840. The farming carried out at Keogh's home place in Leighlinbridge was arable, barley being the main crop. This meant that the Keogh family were largely unaffected by the hunger and poverty that accompanied the Great Famine and ravaged the country between 1845 and 1850 – Keogh's childhood days. However, two, or possibly three, of Keogh's siblings did die young, apparently from typhoid – a disease associated with the famine and an illness that Myles also suffered as a boy.He attended the National School in Leighlinbridge where he was enrolled under the spelling 'Miles Kehoe'. – "At Classics" was recorded as the reason for leaving in 1852. He was long thought to have attended St. Patrick's College in Carlow but that college has not found any proof of his attendance. It is possible that he attended St. Mary's Knockbeg College where, from 1847, young lay pupils from St. Patrick's were sent to be educated.
By 1860, a twenty-year-old Myles Keogh had volunteered, along with over one thousand of his countrymen, to rally to the defence of Pope Pius IX following a call to arms by the Catholic clergy in Ireland. By August 1860, Keogh was appointed second lieutenant of his unit in the Battalion of St. Patrick, Papal Army under the command of General Christophe Léon Louis Juchault de Lamoricière. He was posted at Ancona, a central port city of Italy. The Papal forces were defeated in September in the Battle of Castelfidardo, and Ancona was surrounded. The soldiers, although having admirable defence, were forced to surrender and Keogh was imprisoned at Genoa. After his quick release by exchange, Keogh went to Rome and was invited to wear the spirited green uniforms of the Company of St. Patrick as a member of the Vatican Guard. During his service, the Holy See awarded him the Medaglia for gallantry – the Pro Petri Sede Medal – and also the Cross of a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great – Ordine di San Gregorio.Now that the fighting was over and duties of the Vatican Guard were more mundane, Keogh saw little purpose in remaining at Rome. With civil war raging in America, Secretary of State William H. Seward began seeking experienced European officers to serve the Union, and called upon a number of prominent clerics to assist in his endeavour. John Hughes, Archbishop of New York, travelled to Italy to recruit veterans of the Papal War, and met with Keogh and his comrades. Thus in March 1862 Keogh resigned his commission in the Company of Saint Patrick, and with his senior officer – 30-year-old Daniel J. Keily of Waterford – returned briefly to Ireland, then boarded the steamer "Kangaroo" bound from Liverpool to New York, where the vessel arrived 2 April. Another Papal comrade, Joseph O'Keeffe – 19-year-old nephew of the Bishop of Cork – met with Keogh and Keily in Washington.

 Through Secretary Seward's intervention, the three were given Captains' rank and on 15 April assigned to the staff of Irish-born Brigadier General James Shields, whose forces were about to confront the Confederate army of Stonewall Jackson. They notably confronted Jackson's army in the Shenandoah Valley at the Battle of Port Republic. Though the Union army was defeated Keogh's courage during his first engagement did not go unnoticed. George B. McClellan, the commander of the Potomac Army, was impressed with Keogh, describing the young Captain as "a most gentlemanlike man, of soldierly appearance," whose "record had been remarkable for the short time he had been in the army." On McClellan's request, Keogh was temporarily transferred to his personal staff. He was to be with 'Little Mac' for only a few months but served the General during the Battle of Antietam. After McClellan's removal from command in November 1862, the admirable traits identified in his first six months in the Union army came to the fore when he and his Papal comrade, Joseph O'Keeffe, were reassigned to General John Buford's staff.Although held in reserve with the rest of the Union cavalry for the winter of 1862 and during the Battle of Fredericksburg, Myles Keogh and O'Keeffe served Buford with obedience and gallantry during the Stoneman Raid in April 1863 and the battle on 9 June at Brandy Station, which was practically all cavalry. Buford's 1st Division of cavalry fought with distinction in June 1863 as they skirmished with their much vaunted Confederate foe, led by J.E.B. Stuart in Loudoun County, Virginia – most notably at Upperville.

On 30 June, Buford, with Keogh by his side, rode into the small town of Gettysburg. Very soon, Buford realised that he was facing a superior force of rebels to his front and set about creating a defence against the Confederate advance. He was acutely aware of the importance of holding the tactically important high ground about Gettysburg and so he did, beginning one of the most iconic battles in American military history. His intelligent defensive troop alignments, coupled with the bravery and tenacity of his dismounted men, allowed the 1st Corps, under General John F. Reynolds, time to come up in support and thus maintain a Union foothold at strategically important positions. Despite Lee's barrage attack of 140 cannons and a final infantry attack on the third day of the battle, the Union army won a highly significant victory. The importance of Buford's leadership and tactical foresight on 1 July cannot be overstated in its contribution to this victory. Significantly, Myles Keogh received his first brevet for "gallant and meritorious services" during the battle and was promoted to the rank of major.The battle was over and so were almost 8,000 men's lives with it. However this was a turning point in the war, and a turning point in Buford's health. Five further months of almost constant skirmishing with J.E.B. Stuart's Rebel cavalry at such battles as Funkstown and Willamsport worsened Buford's condition. As Keogh later wrote in Buford's service record (etat de service), Buford "was taken ill from fatique and extreme hardship". By the winter Buford would succumb to typhoid. Keogh would stay by his side and care for him, while they rested in Washington at the home of an old friend General George Stoneman. Buford was buried at West Point Cemetery, as Keogh attended his funeral at Washington and rode with his body on the train.
Major Keogh was now appointed as aide de camp to General George Stoneman. In July 1864, Stoneman raided to the south and southeast, destroying railroads and industrial works. Their risky raids behind Confederate lines were also designed to free federal prisoners held at Macon, Georgia, and liberate the nearly 30,000 captives at Andersonville prison.Although Stoneman's Union cavalry did destroy the railroads, the onslaught on Macon failed from the beginning and on 31 July 1864, Keogh and Stoneman's command were surrounded during the Battle of Sunshine Church, Georgia. They were captured after both their horses were shot out from under them. Keogh was held for 2½ months as a prisoner of war before being released through Union general William Tecumseh Sherman's efforts. Keogh would later receive a second brevet with promotion to lieutenant colonel for his gallantry with Stoneman at the Battle of Dallas.The praise garnered from the commanders Myles Keogh served with during the war years was indeed high:

Whether on staff duty or commanding detachments on dangerous and delicate service, he was alike successful, and his soldierly bearing and spirit were a model. He is par excellence a cavalry officer"
He is one of the most gallant and efficient young cavalry officers I have ever known"
His record had been remarkable for the short time he had been in the army. He appeared to be a most gentlemanlike man, of soldierly appearance, and I was exceedingly glad to have him as an aide."
Major Keogh is one of the most superior young officers in the army and is a universal favourite with all who know him"
At the war's end, brevet Lt. Colonel Keogh chose to remain on active duty and accepted a Regular Army commission as a second lieutenant in the 4th Cavalry on 4 May 1866.  On 28 July 1866 he was promoted to Captain, and reassigned to the 7th Cavalry at Ft. Riley in Northeast Kansas where he took command of Company I.  The 7th Cavalry Regiment was first commanded by Colonel Andrew Smith (from 1866 to 1869) and subsequently by Colonel Samuel D. Sturgis (from 1869 to 1886). George Armstrong Custer was the regiment's Lieutenant Colonel and its deputy commander.

Postbellum career
Keogh was generally well liked by fellow officers although the isolation of military duty on the western frontier often weighed heavily upon him. When depressed he occasionally drank to excess, though he seems not to have fallen prey to the chronic alcoholism that destroyed the careers of many fellow officers of the frontier Regular Army.
There was more than a tinge of melancholy in Keogh's nature, which seemed somehow at odds with his handsome, dashing persona. While he was not given to self-analysis, Keogh once noted: 

Impudence and presumption carry with them great weight and a certain lack of sensitiveness is necessary to be successful. This lack of sensitiveness I unfortunately do not inherit.
Keogh was also fond of the ladies, though he never married: 

My great weakness is the love I have for the fair sex, and pretty much all my trouble comes from or can be traced to that charming source.
I never propose to form any ties. I might often have married for money but I never gave it a moment's serious thought & never propose to.
He did, however, carry a photograph of Capt. Thomas McDougall's sister, Josephine Buel, with him to Little Bighorn.Although absent from the Washita battle (1868) and the Yellowstone Expedition (1873), Custer's encounters of substance with hostile Indians, Keogh did have sole responsibility for defending the Smoky Hill route against Indian raids from late 1866 to the summer of 1867. When Sheridan took over from Hancock in 1868, there is evidence that it was to Keogh he turned for first-hand information on conditions on the front line. And while with Sully's expedition later that year, Keogh was fighting Indians almost every day—indeed, it was in one such fight that his new mount, Comanche, received his first wound and, as the story goes, his name. Captain Keogh's frustration with an enemy who did not fight in a conventional manner is evident from a comment he wrote in a personal letter to his family in Ireland: 

I have never before appreciated the difficulty of finding Indians, and have concluded that without knowing exactly where to surprise their camp, or having a guide who can track them at a run, it is a waste of horseflesh and time to endeavor to come up with them.
In the summer of 1874, Keogh was on leave to visit his homeland on a seven-month leave of absence, while Custer was leading a controversial expedition through the Black Hills. During this second visit home he deeded his inherited Clifden estate in Kilkenny to his sister Margaret. He enjoyed his stay in his homeland, feeling the necessity to support his sisters after the death of both parents.

In October, Keogh returned to Fort Abraham Lincoln for his old duty with Custer, and it would be his last days. As a precaution, he purchased a $10,000 life insurance policy and wrote a letter of warning to his close friends in the Throop-Martin family, Auburn, New York, outlining his burial wishes: 

We leave Monday on an Indian expedition & if I ever return I will go on and see you all. I have requested to be packed up and shipped to Auburn in case I am killed, and I desire to be buried there. God bless you all, remember if I should die—you may believe that I loved you and every member of your family—it was a second home to me. 
He gave out copies of his will to comrades, and left behind personal papers with instructions that they be burned if he was killed.Keogh died during Custer's Last Stand – the Battle of the Little Bighorn on 25 June 1876. The senior captain among the five companies wiped out with Custer that day, and commanding one of two squadrons within the Custer detachment, Keogh died in a "last stand" of his own, surrounded by the men of Company I. When the sun-blackened and dismembered dead were buried three days later, Keogh's body was found at the center of a group of troopers that included his two sergeants, company trumpeter and guidon bearer. The slain officer was stripped but not mutilated, perhaps because of the "medicine" the Indians saw in the Agnus Dei ("Lamb of God") he wore on a chain about his neck or because "many of Sitting Bull's warriors" were Catholic. Keogh's left knee had been shattered by a bullet that corresponded to a wound through the chest and flank of his horse, indicating that horse and rider may have fallen together prior to the last rally.

The badly injured animal was found on the fatal battlefield, and nursed back to health as the 7th Cavalry's regimental mascot, which he remained until his death in 1890. This horse, Comanche, is considered the only U.S. military survivor of the battle, though several other badly wounded horses were found and destroyed at the scene. Keogh's bloody gauntlet and the guidon of his Company I were recovered by the army three months after Little Bighorn at the Battle of Slim Buttes.
Originally buried on the battlefield, Keogh's remains were disinterred and taken to Auburn, as he had requested in his will. He was buried at Fort Hill Cemetery (bio and photos) on 26 October 1877, an occasion marked by citywide official mourning and an impressive military procession to the cemetery.
Tongue River Cantonment, in southeastern Montana, was renamed after him to be Fort Keogh. The fort was first commanded by Nelson A. Miles. The 55,000-acre fort is today an agricultural experiment station. Miles City, Montana is located two miles from the old fort.

Funeral
We extract from the Auburn papers the following accounts of the burial of the late Col. Myles W. Keogh, at Fort Hill Cemetery, Auburn, NY. 26 October: Promptly at 2pm the funeral procession moved from the St James Hotel, where the pallbearers had assembled, and marched in the following order: The Pall-Bearers; Auburn City Band; Military, Lt. Judge, commanding; Post Crocker, G.A.R.; Post Seward G.A.R.; Hearse, draped with the National colors; Carriages bearing the family of E. T. Throop Martin and Army officers. A detail from Post Seward fired minute guns during the march and the ceremonies at the grave. The flag at the State Armoury was flown at half-mast, as were numerous other flags about the city. Volunteers from the several Auburn organisations of the 49th NY Militia were formed into a company, charged with the duties of escort and firing party, according to military etiquette. At the receiving vault the casket was draped with the American flag, upon which were placed some beautiful floral designs. The bearers then placed the casket in the hearse and the line moved to the grave on the lot of E.T. Throop Martin Esq. The pall-bearers were Gen. W. H. Seward, Col. C.C. Dwight, Col. J. E. Storke, Col. E.D. Woodruff, Surgeon Theo. Dimon, Major L.E. Carpenter, Major W.G. Wise and Capt. W.M. Kirby. The following officers of the regular army were present: Gen. L.C. Hunt, Col. R.N. Scott, Surgeon R.N. O'Reilly, Gen. A. J. Alexander, Lieut. J.W. Martin. The grave was laid with evergreens and flowers, and at its head, the base of a handsome monument to be erected in memory of this dead soldier, was strewn with other floral tributes. The remains were lowered into the grave, when the solemn burial service was read by Rev. Dr. Brainard. A dirge was then executed by the band, after which three volleys of musketry were fired by the military, and the procession marched from the cemetery in the same order as on its entry, the immediate friends remaining until the grave was closed. The obsequies were most solemn and imposing, and in every way befitting the rank and record of the fallen brave in whose honour they were held.The prominent Throop-Martin family, with whom Keogh had become friendly after his comrade General A.J. Alexander married Evelina Martin, was responsible for his burial in their Fort Hill plot and the design of his monument. At the base of decorative, white obelisk there is an inscription taken from the poem, The Song of the Camp by Bayard Taylor:"Sleep soldier still in honored rest, Your truth and valor wearing; The bravest are the tenderest, The loving are the daring."
The marble cross atop his grave was added later at the request of his sister in Ireland.

U.S. military career and ranks
Appointed Captain, US Volunteers, 9 April 1862
Promoted Major, US Volunteers, 7 April 1864
Brevetted Lieutenant Colonel, US Volunteers, 13 March 1865
Honorably discharged from US Volunteers, 1 September 1866
Appointed Second Lieutenant, Regular Army, 4 May 1866
Promoted Captain, Regular Army, 28 July 1866
Killed in action, 25 June 1876.

References
Further reading
Son of the Morning Star, Evan S. Connell, 1984, ISBN 0-06-097161-4
Classic Battles: Little Big Horn 1876, Peter Panzieri, 1995, ISBN 1-85532-458-X
Custer and His Commands, Kurt Hamilton Cox, 1999, ISBN 1-85367-358-7
The Custer Autograph Album, John M. Carroll, 1994, ISBN 0-932702-97-X
The Little Bighorn Campaign, Wayne Michael Sarf, 1993, ISBN 0-938289-21-7
Myles Keogh: The Life and Legend of an "Irish Dragoon" in the Seventh Cavalry, John P. Langellier, Kurt Hamilton Cox, Brian C. Pohanka, 1998, ISBN 0-912783-21-4
The Honor of Arms: A Biography of Myles W. Keogh, Charles L. Convis, 1990, ISBN 0-87026-076-6
Custer's Fall, David Humphreys Miller, Duell, Sloan and Pierce, Inc., 1957
http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/opinion/2008/1003/1222959302719.html

External links
Keogh Family Papers at the Autry National CenterEmerald Beers Wilson (September 10, 1896 – April 3, 1975) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at Defiance College in Defiance, Ohio from 1927 to 1930 and at Hobart and William Smith Colleges in Geneva, New York from 1934 to 1942, compiling a career college football coaching record of 44–41–9. Wilson was also the head basketball coach at Defiance from 1927 to 1931, tallying a mark of 43–30.

References
External links
Emerald B. Wilson at Find a GraveArhopalus hispaniolae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fisher in 1942.


The history of Alexandria, Virginia, begins with the first European settlement in 1695. Over the next century, the town became a significant port. In 1801, much of Alexandria was swept into the new District of Columbia; it was damaged along with much of the rest of the capital during the War of 1812. In 1846, Alexandria was returned to Virginia, along with the rest of the District's territory on the western side of the Potomac River. After Virginia seceded in 1861, Alexandria was swiftly captured by Union forces and held for the remainder of the American Civil War. In the late 20th century, Alexandria became a key part of the rapidly growing Northern Virginia region.

Colonial era
On October 21, 1669 a patent granted 6,000 acres (24 km2) to Robert Howsing for transporting 120 people to the Colony of Virginia.: 5  That tract would later become the City of Alexandria.: 5   Virginia's comprehensive Tobacco Inspection Law of 1730 mandated that all tobacco grown in the colony must be brought to locally designated public warehouses for inspection before sale: one of the sites designated for a warehouse on the upper Potomac River was at the mouth of Hunting Creek.  However, the ground being unsuitable at that location, the warehouse was established a half-mile up river, where the water ran deep near the shore.
In 1745, the colony lost a 10-year dispute with Lord Fairfax over the western boundary of the Northern Neck Proprietary. After the Privy Council in London found in favor of Lord Fairfax's expanded claim, some of the Fairfax County gentry banded together to form the Ohio Company of Virginia. Their intent was to establish trade into the interior of America and for this they required an entrepot close to the head of navigation on the Potomac.  The Hunting Creek tobacco warehouse offered the best location for a trading port which could accommodate sailing ships.  However, many of the local tobacco planters wanted a new town to be sited up Hunting Creek, away from the "played out" tobacco fields along the river.Around 1746, Captain Philip Alexander II (1704–1753) moved to what is south of present Duke Street in Alexandria. His estate, which consisted of 500 acres (2.0 km2), was bounded by Hunting Creek, Hooff's Run, the Potomac River, and approximately the line which would become Cameron Street. At the opening of Virginia's 1748–49 legislative session, there was a petition submitted in the House of Burgesses on November 1, 1748, that the "inhabitants of Fairfax (Co.) praying that a town may be established at Hunting Creek Warehouse on Potowmack River," as Hugh West was the owner of the warehouse.  The petition was introduced by Lawrence Washington (1718-1752), the representative for Fairfax County and, more importantly, the son-in-law of William Fairfax and a founding member of the Ohio Company. To support the Company's push for a town on the river, Lawrence's younger brother George Washington, an aspiring surveyor, made a sketch of the shoreline touting the advantages of the tobacco warehouse site.Since the river site was amidst his estate, Philip opposed the idea and strongly favored a site at the head of Hunting Creek (also known as Great Hunting Creek). It has been said that in order to avoid a predicament the petitioners offered to name the new town Alexandria, in honor of Philip's family. As a result, Philip and his cousin Captain John Alexander (1711–1763) gave land to assist in the development of Alexandria, and are thus listed as the founders.  This John was the son of Robert Alexander II (1688–1735). On May 2, 1749, the House of Burgesses approved the river location and ordered "Mr. Washington do go up with a Message to the Council and acquaint them that this House have agreed to the Amendments titled An Act for erecting a Town at Hunting Creek Warehouse, in the County of Fairfax."  A "Public Vendue" (auction) was advertised for July, and the county surveyor laid out street lanes and town lots. The auction was conducted on July 13–14, 1749. Almost immediately upon establishment, the town founders called the new town "Belhaven", believed to be in honor of a Scottish patriot, John Hamilton, 2nd Lord Belhaven and Stenton, the Northern Neck tobacco trade being then dominated by Scots. The name Belhaven was used in official lotteries to raise money for a Church and Market House, but it was never approved by the legislature and fell out of favor in the mid-1750s. The town of Alexandria did not become incorporated until 1779.
In 1755, General Edward Braddock organized his fatal expedition against Fort Duquesne at Carlyle House in Alexandria. In April 1755, the governors of Virginia, and the Provinces of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and New York met to determine upon concerted action against the French in America.
In March 1785, commissioners from Virginia and Maryland met in Alexandria to discuss the commercial relations of the two states, finishing their business at Mount Vernon.  The Mount Vernon Conference concluded on March 28 with an agreement for freedom of trade and freedom of navigation of the Potomac River. The Maryland legislature, in ratifying this agreement on November 22, proposed a conference among representatives from all the states to consider the adoption of definite commercial regulations. This led to the calling of the Annapolis Convention of 1786, which in turn led to the calling of the Federal Convention of 1787.

District of Columbia
In 1791, Alexandria was included in the area chosen by George Washington to become the District of Columbia. A portion of the City of Alexandria—known as "Old Town"--- and all of today's Arlington County share the distinction of having been originally in Virginia, ceded to the U.S. Government to form the District of Columbia, and later retroceded to Virginia by the federal government in 1846, when the District was reduced in size to exclude the portion south of the Potomac River. The City of Alexandria was re-chartered in 1852.
In 1814, during the War of 1812, a British fleet launched a successful Raid on Alexandria, which surrendered without a fight. As agreed in the terms of surrender the British looted stores and warehouses of mainly flour, tobacco, cotton, wine, and sugar.From 1828 to 1836, Alexandria was home to the Franklin & Armfield Slave Market, one of the largest slave trading companies in the country. By the 1830s, they were sending more than 1,000 slaves annually from Alexandria to their Natchez, Mississippi, and New Orleans markets to help meet the demand for slaves in Mississippi and surrounding states. Later owned by Price, Birch & Co., the slave pen became a jail under Union occupation.

Return to Virginia
Over time, a movement grew to separate Alexandria from the District of Columbia. As competition grew with the port of Georgetown and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal fostered development on the north side of the Potomac River, the city's economy stagnated. In addition, many in Alexandria hoped to benefit from land sales and increased business from the federal government, which had no need for the land south of the river at the time. Also, its residents had lost representation and the right to vote at any level of government.
Alexandria was also an important port and market in the slave trade, and there were increasing talk of the abolition of slavery in the national capital. Alexandria's economy would suffer greatly if slavery were outlawed. At the same time, there was an active abolition movement in Virginia, and the state's General Assembly was divided on the issue. Alexandria and Alexandria County would provide two new pro-slavery representatives.
After a referendum, voters petitioned Congress and Virginia to return the area to Virginia. Congress retroceded the area to Virginia on July 9, 1846.
Ultimately, the City of Alexandria became independent of Alexandria County in 1870. The remaining portion of Alexandria County changed its name to Arlington County in 1920.

American Civil War
The first fatalities of the North and South in the American Civil War occurred in Alexandria.  Within a month of the Battle of Fort Sumter, where two died, Union Army troops occupied Alexandria, landing troops at the base of King Street on the Potomac River on May 24, 1861. A few blocks up King Street from their landing site, the commander of the New York Fire Zouaves, Colonel Elmer E. Ellsworth, sortied with a small detachment to retrieve a large Confederate flag displayed on the roof of the Marshall House Inn that had been visible from the White House. While descending from the roof, Ellsworth was killed by James W. Jackson, the hotel proprietor. One of the soldiers in Ellsworth's party shot Jackson immediately thereafter.Colonel Ellsworth was from Illinois and was a frequent visitor to the White House, where his death was much lamented. The incident generated excitement in both the Union and the Confederacy, where those loyal to each hailed Ellsworth or Jackson as a martyr to their respective cause.

Alexandria remained under military occupation until the end of the Civil War. One of the ring of forts built during the war by the Union army for the defense of Washington, D.C., Fort Ward, is located within the boundaries of modern Alexandria.  After the establishment of the state of West Virginia in 1863 and until the close of the war, Alexandria was the seat of the Restored Government of Virginia also known as the "Alexandria Government."
During the Union occupation, a recurring point of contention between the Alexandria citizenry and the military occupiers was the military's periodic insistence that church services include prayers for the President of the United States. Because the Episcopal Church used a written prayer book service that made distinct mention of both the executive and the legislative departments of the government, Episcopal clergy were exposed to particular embarrassment whenever any part of the territory of the Confederate States was occupied by Union forces.Alexandria's St. Paul's Episcopal Church was the site of an early and particularly notorious incident. The interim minister at St. Paul's Church, the Rev. Dr. K. J. Stewart, was arrested in the sanctuary on February 9, 1862, by Union troops who had attended with the stated purpose of provoking an incident.  During the Litany, Dr. Stewart was ordered by an attending Union officer to say the Prayer for the President of the United States that Dr. Stewart had omitted without saying any other prayer in its place. Dr. Stewart proceeded without paying any attention to the interruption; but a captain and six of his soldiers, who were present in the congregation with intent to provoke an incident, drew their swords and pistols, strode into the chancel, seized the clergyman while he was still kneeling, held pistols to his head, and forced him out of the church, and through the streets, just as he was, in his surplice and stole, and committed him to the guard-house of the 8th Illinois Cavalry. Dr. Stewart was soon released, but was not allowed to continue to officiate at services.The day after the Alexandria Gazette reported the incident in detail, its offices were set afire.  The St. Paul's sanctuary was thereafter closed for the duration of the war and its vestry records also were destroyed by a fire. For the duration of the war, the St. Paul's sanctuary was used by the Union army as a hospital for the wounded.Buildings at Virginia Theological Seminary and at Episcopal High School also served as hospitals for union troops. Bullets, belt clips, and other artifacts from the Civil War have been found in those areas well into the 20th century. Christ Church, because of its association with George Washington, was not closed, but came under the control of army chaplains for the duration of the war.For African American escaped slaves, the military occupation of Alexandria created opportunity on an unprecedented scale. As Federal troops extended their occupation of the seceded states, escaped slaves flooded into Union-controlled areas. Safely behind Union lines, the cities of Alexandria and Washington offered not only comparative freedom, but employment. Over the course of the war, Alexandria was transformed by the Union occupiers into a major supply depot and transport and hospital center, all under army control.

Because the escaped slaves were still legally property until the abolition of slavery, they were labeled as contrabands to prevent their being returned to their masters. Contrabands took positions with the army as construction workers, nurses and hospital stewards, longshoremen, painters, wood cutters, teamsters, laundresses, cooks, gravediggers, personal servants, and ultimately as soldiers and sailors.  According to one statistic, the population of Alexandria had exploded to 18,000 by the fall of 1863 – an increase of 10,000 people in 16 months.As of ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment, Alexandria County's black population was more than 8,700, or about half the total number of residents in the County. This newly enfranchised constituency provided the support necessary to elect the first black Alexandrians to the City Council and the Virginia Legislature.The population of contrabands flooding into Alexandria during the Union occupation included many who were destitute, malnourished and in poor health. Once in Alexandria, the contrabands were housed in barracks and hastily assembled shantytowns.  In the close quarters with poor sanitation, smallpox and typhoid outbreaks were prevalent and death was common.  In February 1864, after hundreds of contrabands and freedmen had perished, the commander of the Alexandria military district, General John P. Slough, seized a parcel of undeveloped land at the corner of South Washington and Church Streets from a pro-Confederate owner to be used as a cemetery specifically for burial of contrabands. Burials started in March that year.The cemetery operated under General Slough's command. Its oversight was supervised by Alexandria's Superintendent of Contrabands, the Rev. Albert Gladwin, who made arrangements for burials. Each grave was identified with a whitewashed, wooden grave marker.  In 1868, after Congress ended most functions of the Freedmen's Bureau, the cemetery was closed; and the property was returned to its original owners. Eventually, after the grave markers had rotted and ownership had transferred several times, the property was redeveloped for commercial use. During its five years of operation, about 1800 contrabands and freedmen were buried in the cemetery.Beginning in 1987, when memory of the cemetery was revived, the City of Alexandria began the process of saving the cemetery to create a memorial park.  During 2008, submissions in a design competition for the memorial were received from 20 countries, and a design for the memorial was selected.  As of late 2008, construction of the memorial was underway.  As Contrabands and Freedmen Cemetery, the cemetery was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in August, 2012.

20th century
At the turn of the 20th century, the most common production in the city was glass, fertilizer, beer and leather. The glass often went into beer bottles. Much of the Virginia Glass Company effort went to supply the demands of the Robert Portner Brewing Company, until fire destroyed the St. Asaph Street plant on February 18, 1905. The Old Dominion Glass Company also had a glass works fall to fire, then built a new one. The Belle Pre Bottle Company held a monopoly on a milk bottle that they patented, yet that organization only lasted 10 years. Most businesses were smaller where the business occupied the first floor of a building and the owner and family lived above.: 50  Prohibition closed Portner Brewing in 1916.: 50  Work towards women's suffrage was contributed to by a Women's Citizens League in the city.President Woodrow Wilson visited the Virginia Shipbuilding Corporation on May 30, 1918 to drive the first rivet into the keel of the SS Gunston Hall.: 50  In 1930 Alexandria annexed the town adjacent to Potomac Yard incorporated in 1908 named Potomac. In 1938 the Mt. Vernon Drive-In cinema opened. In 1939 the segregated public library experienced a sit-in organized by Samuel Wilbert Tucker. In 1940, both the Robert Robinson Library, which is now the Alexandria Black History Museum, and the Vernon Theatre opened Jim Morrison of The Doors as well as Cass Elliot and John Phillips of The Mamas & The Papas attended the George Washington High School in the 1950s.In 1955, then-congressman and future president Gerald R. Ford and his family moved to Alexandria from Georgetown.: 95  The Fords remained in their Alexandria home during Ford's tenure as vice president of the United States (1973–1974), as the vice president did not yet have an official residence. Following the resignation of Richard Nixon, Ford spent his first 10 days as President in the house before moving to the White House.In March 1959, Lieutenant Colonel William Henry Whalen, the "highest-ranking American ever recruited as a mole by the Russian Intelligence Service," provided Colonel Sergei A. Edemski three classified Army manuals in exchange for $3,500 at a shopping center parking lot within the city. Agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation later arrested Whalen on July 12, 1966 at his home in the city.: p1  In 1961, the Woodrow Wilson Bridge opened.In 1965, the city integrated schools.: 69  In 1971, the city consolidated all high school students into T. C. Williams High School.: 69  The same year, that head coach Herman Boone joined the school and lead the football team to at 13–0 season, state championship, and national championship runner-up; the basis for the 2000 film Remember the Titans were Boone was portrayed by Denzel Washington. In 1969 and 1976, Pope John Paul II visited Alexandria when he was known as Karol Cardinal Wojtyła. He was guided by a Polish Catholic priest from St. Mary's Catholic Church in Alexandria. In 1972 Clifford T. Cline purchased the 1890 Victorian house at 219 King Street and converted it into the Creole serving Two-Nineteen Restaurant.: 167  In 1973 Nora Lamborne and Beverly Beidler became the first women elected to the city council.: 63  In 1974 the Torpedo Factory Art Center opened. In 1983, the King Street–Old Town Station and Eisenhower Avenue Station both opened. In 1984 the Islamic Saudi Academy opened. and Parker-Gray historic district In 1991, Patricia Ticer became the first women elected mayor.: 63  In 1999 the city celebrated its 250th anniversary. Also in 1999, Dave Grohl, a native of Northern Virginia, returned from Los Angeles to live and record with his band Foo Fighters who recorded their Grammy-winning album There Is Nothing Left to Lose in Grohl's home basement studio in the city's North Ridge neighborhood. The 2011 Foo Fighters album Wasting Light featured the track "Arlandria" named for a section of the city where Grohl once lived. In 2014, legislation was introduced in the city council to repeal the 1963 law that requires new north–south streets to carry the name of a Confederate military leader.

See also
Timeline of Alexandria, Virginia

References
Further reading
R.H. Long (1863), "Alexandria", Hunt's Gazetteer of the Border and Southern States, Pittsburgh: John P. Hunt
F. L. Brockett and Geo. W. Rock (1883). Concise History of the City of Alexandria, Va., from 1669 to 1883, with a directory of reliable business houses in the city. Alexandria, Va.

External links
Digital Public Library of America. Items related to Alexandria, various datesHannah Mary Rothschild  (born 22 May 1962) is a British writer, businesswoman, philanthropist and documentary filmmaker. She also serves on the boards of various organisations. In August 2015, she became the first female to chair the Board of Trustees of the National Gallery in London. After eleven years as trustee and more than four as chair she stepped down to devote more time to her family's wide-ranging activities and to writing. She was succeeded in July 2020 by Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.

Early life
Hannah Mary Rothschild was born on 22 May 1962. She is the eldest child of Jacob Rothschild, 4th Baron Rothschild, and his wife, Serena Dunn Rothschild. Through her father, she is a member of the Rothschild banking family. She was educated at St Paul's Girls' School, Marlborough College and she read Modern History at St Hilda's College, Oxford.

Career
Rothschild's career started as a researcher in the BBC's Music and Arts department in the mid-1980s and quickly graduated to directing films for Saturday Review, Arena and Omnibus and initiating and making programmes for the series The Great Picture Chase and Relative Values. Later she set up an independent film company with Jake Auerbach (Rothschild Auerbach Ltd.) making documentaries for the BBC and others including profiles of Frank Auerbach, Walter Sickert, R. B. Kitaj. In 1997, Rothschild joined London Films Ltd as Head of Drama and set up the television series The Scarlet Pimpernel starring Richard E. Grant. She returned to filmmaking and directed three films for the BBC's Storyville series and HBO. In 2008, following a radio programme on the same subject, Rothschild produced and directed The Jazz Baroness (2008), about her great-aunt Pannonica de Koenigswarter's exploits in and support of New York's jazz world. This was followed by Hi Society (2009), a fly-on-the-wall documentary about Nicky Haslam, the interior designer, author and society darling.  Mandelson: The Real PM? (2010)  followed the UK's former Business Secretary Peter Mandelson in the run-up to the 2010 general election.Inspired by the Storyville programme, Rothchild wrote a biography of her great aunt, The Baroness: The Search for Nica the Rebellious Rothschild, which was published by Virago in 2012. It was described as "Riveting, touching and insightful" by The Daily Telegraph. A few years earlier, a radio documentary profile of Nica, The Jazz Baroness, was broadcast by BBC Radio 4 on 12 February 2008. Her documentaries and shorts have aired on the BBC, HBO, PBS and others and been screened and won awards at Telluride, Tribecca, London, Sheffield film festivals. She has written screenplays for Working Title and Ridley Scott. She also wrote a history of Channel 4's films and filmmakers; contributed to anthologies including Corfu, the Garden Isle  ISBN 0-7195-5375-X; and Virago at 40.
Rothchild's first novel The Improbability of Love was published in May 2015. The story follows a female protagonist who comes across a lost Watteau and becomes embroiled in the dealings of the art world's elite. The Guardian said "her depiction of the rarefied art world is gripping". The book was shortlisted for the Baileys Prize and was joint winner of the Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize. It has been translated into more than ten languages and was chosen as one of Waterstones "Books of the Year".
Her third book, a novel The House of Trelawney (ISBN 9781526600608) was published in February 2020 by Bloomsbury and Knopf. It follows the lives and fortunes of three generations of a dysfunctional Cornish aristocratic family through the crash of 2008. Described by Amanda Craig in The Guardian as "Irresistible fun" and by Lynn Barber in The Daily Telegraph as a "gripping family saga". "Her style has been compared to comic writers such as Waugh and Mitford, which are apt in terms of both style and milieu, but comparisons can also be made to Austen and Dickens, as she shares their ability to create comic characters and to then put those characters in situations that allows the author to make satirical/social commentary." The book has been nominated for Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize for 2020.
Rothschild has lectured on art and literature at the Getty Institute, Courtauld, the Royal Academy, the Hay Festival and written for many publications, including The Times, The New York Times, The Observer, The Guardian, Daily Telegraph, Vanity Fair, Vogue, The Spectator and Harper's Bazaar, Financial Times, Elle,  Washington Post and others.
She is a Non-Executive Director of RIT Capital Partners and Windmill Hill Asset Management.

Philanthropy
She became a trustee of London's National Gallery in 2009 after applying to an advert in The Guardian. In 2013, she became the liaison trustee for the Tate Gallery. In August 2015, she became the first woman to chair the National Gallery's board. In 2017, her term was extended by four years; however she later resigned from the position in June 2019 citing a wish to devote more time to writing and to her family's wide-ranging activities and philanthropic concerns.  She will remain Chair of the American Friends of the National Gallery, a post she's held since August 2015.
She took over from her father Jacob as chair of Yad Hanadiv in July 2018. Yad Hanadiv is a charity Yad Hanadiv is dedicated to creating resources for advancing Israel as a healthy, vibrant, democratic society and equal opportunity for the benefit of all its inhabitants. It built the Knesset, the Supreme Court and in 2022 will complete the New National Library of Israel.
She is a trustee of The Rothschild Foundation, a registered charity, whose activities include preserving Waddesdon Manor in Buckinghamshire on behalf of its owner, the National Trust.
Rothschild was formerly a trustee of the Whitechapel Gallery and the ICA. She was the co-founder of the charity Artists on Film.
Rothschild originated the project to light Central London's bridges transforming the Thames at night "from a snake of darkness into a ribbon of light." An international jury, chaired by Rothschild chose American artist Leo Villareal and in July 2019 the first five of fifteen bridges were lit.

Personal life
In 1994, she married American filmmaker William Lord Brookfield and had three daughters, but they later divorced.

Title, styles and honours
22 May 1962 – 20 March 1990: Miss Hannah Mary Rothschild
20 March 1990 – 9 June 2018: The Honourable Hannah Mary Rothschild
9 June 2018 – present: The Honourable Hannah Mary Rothschild CBEIn the 2018 Queen's Birthday Honours, she was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to the arts and to charity.In 2021, Rothschild was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

References
External links
Official website
Biography at Rothschild Archive
Hannah Mary Rothschild at IMDbJoshua Piers Fuller (born 9 February 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder at Berwick Town football club .
He last played for Northern Counties East League side Grimsby Borough. He previously played as a professional in the Football League for Grimsby Town from 2009 until 2011, and a brief spell with Spalding United on loan.

Career
Grimsby Town
Fuller was promoted to the Grimsby first team on the final day of the 2008–09 season, and was named as a substitute for the game with Macclesfield Town. In the 68th minute of play, manager Mike Newell brought the youngster into the game to replace Chris Llewellyn. The game was drawn 0–0 with Grimsby finishing the season in 22nd on 41 points. Fuller featured again in the first match of the 2009–10 season against Cheltenham Town, coming on for the 82nd minute with Grimsby losing 2–1. On 15 August 2009, Fuller made his first start for the club, at home to Crewe Alexandra.
On 23 November 2010, exactly one year and twelve days since Fuller's last first team appearance for Grimsby the midfielder was allowed to join Spalding United on a one-month loan deal.On 18 April 2011 Fuller was told by the new managerial duo of Rob Scott and Paul Hurst that he no longer has a future with the club. He departed the club shortly after when his contract expired.

Grimsby Borough
Josh spent the 2011-12 pre-season with Grimsby Borough and on 16 July 2011 joint manager Nigel Fanthorpe announced Josh would sign for the club once the relevant paperwork were sorted out. Before signing for Borough, he played for Brigg Town in a pre-season friendly against former club Grimsby Town, before returning to Borough to sign on a permanent basis. Fuller was released at the end of the 2012–13 season only to rejoin them in October 2013.
Josh has recently signed for Northumberland side Berwick Town FC for the 2021-2022 season in the north Northumberland league.

Honours
Grimsby Town
Midland Floodlit Youth Cup: 2009–10

Career statistics
References
External links
Josh Fuller at Soccerbase 
Josh Fuller statistics at Grimsby Town official websiteThe James River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia that begins in the Appalachian Mountains and flows 348 miles (560 km) to Chesapeake Bay. The river length extends to 444 miles (715 km) if one includes the Jackson River, the longer of its two source tributaries. It is the longest river in Virginia. Jamestown and Williamsburg, Virginia's first colonial capitals, and Richmond, Virginia's current capital, lie on the James River.

History
The Native Americans who populated the area east of the Fall Line in the late 16th and early 17th centuries called the James River the Powhatan River, named for the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy which extended over most of the Tidewater region of Virginia. The Jamestown colonists who arrived in 1607 named it "James" after King James I of England (r. 1603–1625), as they constructed the first permanent English settlement in the Americas at  Jamestown along the banks of the James River about 35 miles (56 km) upstream from the Chesapeake Bay.TThe navigable portion of the river was the major highway of colonial Virginia during its first 15 years, facilitating supply ships delivering supplies and more emigrants from England. However, for the first five years, despite hopes of discovering gold ores, these ships sent little of monetary value back to the sponsors. In 1612, businessman John Rolfe successfully cultivated a non-native strain of tobacco which proved popular in England. Soon, the river became the primary means of exporting the large hogsheads of this cash crop from an ever-growing number of plantations with wharfs along its banks. This development made the proprietary efforts of the Virginia Company of London successful financially, spurring even more development, investments and immigration. Below the falls at Richmond, many James River plantations had their own wharves, and additional ports and/or early railheads were located at Warwick, Bermuda Hundred, City Point, Claremont, Scotland, and Smithfield, and, during the 17th century, the capital of the Colony at Jamestown.Navigation of the James River played an important role in early Virginia commerce and in the settlement of the interior, although growth of the colony was primarily in the  Tidewater region during the first 75 years. The upper reaches of the river above the head of navigation at the fall line were explored by  fur-trading parties sent out by Abraham Wood (1610–1682) during the late 17th century.Although ocean-going ships were unable to navigate beyond present-day  Richmond, portage of products and navigation with smaller craft to transport crops other than tobacco was feasible. Produce from the  Piedmont and Great Valley regions descended the river to seaports at Richmond and  Manchester through such port towns as  Lynchburg,  Scottsville,  Columbia and  Buchanan.

The James River and Kanawha Canal
The James River was considered a route for transport of produce from the Ohio Valley. The James River and Kanawha Canal was built for this purpose, to provide a navigable portion of the Kanawha River, a tributary of the Ohio River. For the most mountainous section between the two points, the James River and Kanawha Turnpike was built to provide a portage link for wagons and stagecoaches. However, before the canal could be fully completed, in the mid-19th century, railroads emerged as a more practical technology and eclipsed canals for economical transportation. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was completed between Richmond and the Ohio River at the new city of Huntington, West Virginia by 1873, dooming the canal's economic prospects. In the late-19th century, the Richmond and Alleghany Railroad was laid along the eastern portion of the canal's towpath, and became part of the C&O within 10 years. In modern times, this rail line is used primarily in transporting West Virginia coal to export coal piers at Newport News.

Kepone contamination
During the 1960s and 1970s, mishandling and dumping of the insecticide Kepone resulted in the contamination of large stretches of the James River Estuary downstream of the Allied Signal Company and LifeSciences Product Company plants in Hopewell, Virginia. Due to the pollution, many businesses and restaurants along the river suffered economic losses. In 1975 Virginia Governor Mills Godwin Jr. shut down the James River to fishing for 100 miles, from  Richmond to the Chesapeake Bay. This ban remained in effect for 13 years, until efforts to clean up the river began to show results. A decade of accumulated silt, lying above the contaminated riverbed, helped to reduce levels of the chemical.

Watershed and course
The James River drains a catchment comprising 10,432 square miles (27,020 km2). The watershed includes about 4% open water and an area with a population of 2.5 million people (2000). The James River forms near Iron Gate on the border between Alleghany and Botetourt counties, from the confluence of the Cowpasture and Jackson rivers in the Appalachian Mountains. It flows into the Chesapeake Bay at Hampton Roads. Tidal waters extend west to Richmond, the capital of Virginia, at the river's fall line (the head of navigation). Larger tributaries draining to the tidal portion include the Appomattox River, Chickahominy River, Warwick River, Pagan River, and the Nansemond River.
At its mouth near Newport News Point, the Elizabeth River and the Nansemond River join the James River to form the harbor area known as Hampton Roads. Between the tip of the Virginia Peninsula near Old Point Comfort and the Willoughby Spit area of Norfolk in South Hampton Roads, a channel leads from Hampton Roads into the southern portion of the Chesapeake Bay and out to the Atlantic Ocean a few miles further east. Many boats pass through this river to import and export Virginia products.

Major Tributaries
Recreation
The James River contains many parks and other recreational attractions.  Canoeing, fishing, kayaking, hiking, and swimming are some of the activities that people enjoy along the river during the summer.  From the river's start in the Blue Ridge mountains to Richmond, numerous rapids and pools offer fishing and whitewater rafting.  The most intense whitewater stretch is a 2-mile (3 km) segment that ends in downtown Richmond where the river goes over the fall line.  This is the only place in the country where extensive class III (class IV with above average river levels) whitewater conditions exist within sight of skyscrapers. Below the fall line east of Richmond, the river is better suited for water skiing and other large boat recreation. Here the river is known for its blue catfish, reaching average sizes of 20 to 30 pounds (9.1 to 13.6 kg), with frequent catches exceeding 50 pounds (23 kg). In the Chesapeake watershed, the James River is the last confirmed holdout for the nearly extirpated Atlantic sturgeon.  In May 2007 a survey identified 175 sturgeon remaining in the entire river, with 15 specimens exceeding 5 feet (1.5 m).

Dams
Due to its potential for generating mechanical power for rotating machinery such as grist mills, hydroelectric power, and as a water route for trade, many dams have been built across the James River since the time of European settlement of the region. While most of these dams have been removed or failed, several dams still exist along the upper course of the river. From the head of the river downstream to Richmond are found the following dams as identified by the current US Army Corps of Engineers National Inventory of Dams:
The Cushaw Hydroelectric Project near Glasgow and Big Island.
The Bedford Hydropower Project near Big Island.
The Big Island Dam near Big Island.
The Coleman Falls Dam in Coleman Falls
The Holcomb Rock Dam near Lynchburg.
The Reusens Dam near Lynchburg.
The Scotts Mill Dam in Lynchburg.
The Bosher Dam in Richmond.The tallest dam is the Reusens Dam, which also has the greatest hydroelectric nameplate capacity and the greatest reservoir capacity. At 1,617 feet, the longest dam is the Cushaw Hydroelectric Project due to the highly angled path the dam takes across the river.
While not identified in the National Inventory of Dams, a very low head weir structure is found below Bosher Dam in Richmond on either side of Williams Island. Known as the "Z-Dam" for its zigzag course on the south side of the island, the current structure was built in 1932 and serves to direct water into Richmond's water treatment facility on the north bank. The less than 5 feet tall dam does not serve any power or navigation purpose.

Bridges
Highway bridges below Richmond
In the Hampton Roads area, the river is as much as 5 miles (8.0 km) wide at points. Due to ocean-going shipping upriver as far as the Port of Richmond, a combination of ferryboats, high bridges and bridge-tunnels are used for highway traffic. Crossings east to west include:

The Hampton Roads Bridge-Tunnel (I-64)
The Monitor-Merrimac Memorial Bridge-Tunnel (I-664)
The James River Bridge (US 17/ US 258/ VA 32)
The Jamestown Ferry (VA 31) (toll-free)
The Benjamin Harrison Memorial Bridge near Hopewell. This is a drawbridge on VA 106 / VA 156 which replaced ferry service in 1966. It was the site of a major collision of a ship in 1977.
The Varina-Enon Bridge is a high cable-stayed bridge carrying I-295 which was the second of its type in the U.S. when it was completed.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge carries the Pocahontas Parkway (State Route 895) via a high-level bridge to connect to State Route 150 at Interstate 95.The SR 895 high-level crossing is the last bridge east of the Deepwater Port of Richmond and head of ocean-going navigation at the fall line of the James River. West of this point, potential flooding is more of an engineering concern than clearance for watercraft.

Highway bridges at Richmond
The following is a list of extant highway bridges across the James River with one or both ends within the City of Richmond.

Interstate 95 James River Bridge (I-95)
Mayo Bridge (US-360)
Manchester Bridge (US-60)
Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge (US-1, US-301 and U.S. Bicycle Route 1)
Boulevard Bridge (VA-161) (toll bridge, restricted weights)
Powhite Parkway Bridge (Powhite Parkway and VA-76) (toll bridge)
Huguenot Memorial Bridge (VA-147)
Edward E. Willey Bridge (VA-150)

Highway bridges west of Richmond
The following is a partial, incomplete list of extant highway bridges across the James River west of Richmond.

World War II Veterans Memorial Bridge (SR 288)
U.S. Route 522 near Maidens
State Route 45 near Cartersville
Columbia Road (Route 690) near Columbia
U.S. Route 15 near Bremo Bluff
State Route 602 at Howardsville
State Route 20 near Scottsville
State Route 56 near Wingina
U.S. Route 60 at Bent Creek
Monacan Bridge (U.S. Route 29 east of Lynchburg)
Carter Glass Memorial Bridge (U.S. Route 29 Business at Lynchburg)
John Lynch Memorial Bridge (Lynchburg)
Blue Ridge Parkway near Big Island
U.S. Route 501 at Snowden
State Route 759 at Natural Bridge Station
State Route 614 at Arcadia
U.S. Route 11, State Route 43 and U.S. Bicycle Route 76 at Buchanan
Interstate 81 at Buchanan
State Route 630 at Springwood
James Street at Eagle Rock connecting U.S. Route 220 and State Route 43
U.S. Route 220 near Eagle Rock
Bridge Street at Glen Wilton
U.S. Route 220 near Iron Gate

Bicycles
The Monitor-Merrimac Memorial Bridge-Tunnel prohibits bicycles, but bicyclists may take the Jamestown Ferry.  After a fatal accident on the Boulevard Bridge, the City of Richmond requires bicycles to travel on the sidewalk for the length of the bridge.

James River Reserve Fleet
The James River is the anchorage (37.120393°N 76.646469°W﻿ / 37.120393; -76.646469) for a large portion of the National Defense Reserve Fleet, called the "James River fleet" or the "ghost fleet," consisting of "mothballed" ships, mostly merchant vessels, that can be activated within 20 to 120 days to provide shipping for the United States during national emergencies, either military or non-military, such as commercial shipping crises.The fleet is managed by the U.S. Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration (MARAD).  It is a different entity from the United States Navy reserve fleets, which consist largely of warships.

James River in music
A song was recorded by country and Western music singer Lefty Frizzell about the river, called "James River," released on the Saginaw, Michigan album.
The Americana/bluegrass band Old Crow Medicine Show, released "James River Blues," a James River boatman's lament of the arrival of the railroads, on their 2006 album Big Iron World.
A song recorded by Waylon Jennings titled "The Ghost of General Lee" mentions "the James River water [running] a bloody red" following a battle between the Union and Confederate armies.
Avail, a music group from Richmond, recorded Over the James, a 1998 hardcore punk LP record released by Lookout Records (and re-released in 2006 by Jade Tree Records) named in honor of the river, containing the song "Scuffle Town" whose lyrics also reference the river.
The river is referenced in the Wrinkle Neck Mules song "Banks of the James."
Prior to settling on the title Black Messiah, American soul singer D'Angelo was set on titling his third studio album James River.
In the song "When the Master Calls the Roll," from her 2014 album The River & the Thread, American singer/songwriter Rosanne Cash refers to a planned wedding, sometime around the start of the Civil War, "down by the King James River" in Virginia.
Cracker's "James River" is on their 1998 album Gentleman's Blues.

See also
List of rivers of Virginia
James River bateau
James River Squadron
Army of the James

References
External links
Online exhibition of the James River & Kanawha Canal
Heritage of the James River, talk by Ann Woodlief at James River Symposium, 1995
James River Association
James River During the Civil War in Encyclopedia VirginiaFabiane Tesche Niclotti (6 October 1984 – 28 June 2016) was a Brazilian model. She was also a Law student and a business manager of a store.
During the time of the Miss Brasil competition, she was nineteen years old, and was studying to be a nurse. On 15 April 2004, she was elected Miss Brasil, representing Rio Grande do Sul, a state with a tradition of many Miss Brazil winners. During her time contesting Miss Universe, she was seen as very beautiful, content, and friendly. She studied English in Exeter, with the money she received from winning Miss Brazil. She studied social science at Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul.
She was found dead on the evening of 28 June 2016, at her apartment in Gramado. The cause of her death remains unknown.


Gettysburg Academy (also known as the Classical Preparatory School and the Gettysburg Gymnasium) was an antebellum boys' boarding school for which the vernacular architecture schoolhouse (now "Reuning Hall")  was the "first home" of the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg and Gettysburg College.The March 19, 1810 incorporation by the commonwealth appropriated $2,000, and the academy opened in 1814 for the school year with Samuel Ramsay as the first teacher.By 1822 the boarding school had three dormitories, libraries, and a gymnasium and beginning in 1826, the academy trustees allowed the Lutheran seminary to use the facility — D. Jacobs established a preparatory school in June 1827 (his brother was a mathematics professor).The facility was purchased at Sheriff's sale in 1829 by Samuel Simon Schmucker and designated the "Gettysburg Gymnasium". The 1829 headmaster was Dr. Charles H. Huber, and 2 sons of Mexico's president-elect attended. The last graduation was in 1835.When the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg began, the Reuning House was being used by Rebecca Eyster's Young Ladies Seminary, which acted as an American Civil War hospital for casualties during the battle. Eyster's "School Halls" were advertised for rent in 1877, the house was used as World War I officers' quarters, and Reuning House is now a private residence protected by a 1972 borough ordinance extending the historical district to include the building.


The Treaty of Blois was signed on 19 April 1572 in Blois between Elizabeth I of England and Catherine de' Medici of France. Based on the terms of the treaty, France and England relinquished their historic rivalry and established an alliance against Spain. The treaty also entailed France to be kept out of Mary, Queen of Scots and Scotland’s affair with England. Elizabeth expected the defensive treaty to isolate Spain and prevent France from invading Flanders.

Sources
Harper, Sally (2005). 'A Dittie to the tune of Welsh Sydannen': a Welsh image of Queen Elizabeth. Renaissance Studies: Volume 19, Issue 2, pp. 201-228.
Martin, Lynn A. (Summer, 1980). Papal Policy and the European Conflict, 1559-1572. Sixteenth Century Journal: Volume 11, No. 2, Catholic Reformation, pp. 35–48.

See also
List of treaties

External links
Treaties
Encyclopædia Britannica - United KingdomPuella Magi Madoka Magica is a 2011 anime series created by Magica Quartet (consisting of Akiyuki Shinbo, Atsuhiro Iwakami, Gen Urobuchi, and Ume Aoki), produced by Shaft, and distributed by Aniplex. It follows the story of 14-year-old Japanese middle school student Madoka Kaname, who is offered the chance to have any wish granted on the condition that she become a magical girl and fight against evil witches.Puella Magi Madoka Magica began development after Akiyuki Shinbo expressed his desire to work on a new magical girl series to producer Atsuhiro Iwakami while they were working on Hidamari Sketch and Bakemonogatari. During the early planning stage, Iwakami decided not to adapt an existing work in order to give Shinbo more freedom in his direction style. Gen Urobuchi and Ume Aoki then joined the project as scriptwriter and character designer respectively. The series was announced in a commercial slot during the anime series Togainu no Chi. Subsequently, more commercials were shown in the same slot revealing the characters and cast.The first ten episodes aired on Japanese television channels MBS, TBS and CBC between January 7, 2011 and March 11, 2011. Due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, the broadcasts of episodes 11 and 12 were delayed and were later aired as a double feature on April 21, 2011. The series was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD between April 27, 2011 and September 21, 2011, having been delayed from the original release date of March 30, 2011 due to the earthquake. Aniplex USA licensed the series in North America and released the series in three volumes between February 14 and June 12, 2012. Manga Entertainment licensed the series in the United Kingdom and released it on BD/DVD in a complete collection on October 22, 2012.The opening theme is "Connect" (コネクト, Konekuto) by ClariS and the ending theme is "Magia" by Kalafina. On the DVD/Blu-ray release, the ending theme for episodes one and two is "See you Tomorrow" (また あした, Mata Ashita) by Aoi Yūki, and the ending theme for episode nine is "And I'm Home" by Eri Kitamura and Ai Nonaka. Drama CDs are included with the first, third and fifth DVD/Blu-ray volumes and the original soundtrack by Kajiura Yuki was included in three parts with the second, fourth and sixth volumes. The soundtrack is also included with the limited-edition North American releases.The series was retold in two animated films released in October 2012, and a third film containing an "all-new" story set after the series was released in October 2013.

Episode list
Drama CDs
Drama CDs were included with the first, third and fifth BD/DVD volumes of the Japanese release. A fourth drama CD was released at Comiket 82 in August 2012 alongside an advance film ticket set.

Home video releases
In Japan, Aniplex distributed six BD/DVD (Blu-ray Disc/Digital Versatile Disc) volumes of Puella Magi Madoka Magica in 2011, all of which were included in a box set on December 25, 2013. In the United States and Canada, Aniplex of America published three BD/DVD volumes of the series in 2012 and compiled them into a box set on September 27, 2016.


The wrecking of the Sea Horse, Boadicea and Lord Melville took place during a gale off the east coast of Ireland on 30 January 1816. These ships were initially travelling together carrying soldiers and their families to Cork at the end of the Napoleonic War, and were wrecked with heavy loss of life.

Wrecking
Sea Horse was a merchant ship that sank in Tramore Bay during a storm on 30 January 1816, killing all but 30 of 394 people on board . She had been chartered to carry members of the 2nd Battalion of the 59th (2nd Nottinghamshire) Regiment of Foot from Ramsgate to Cork. The two other ships, which had been travelling in company with Sea Horse and carrying the rest of the battalion and members of the 82nd Regiment of Foot (Prince of Wales's Volunteers) were also wrecked nearby, killing a further 12 (Lord Melville) and 190 (Boadicea) people respectively.
In January 1816 the battalion embarked at Ramsgate on chartered ships Sea Horse and  Lord Melville. Five companies of troops, 16 officers and 287 men, embarked on Sea Horse along with 33 women and 8 children. The vessels sailed to the Downs on 25 January 1816, where they were joined by the brig Boadicea carrying 290 troops, and 34 women and children of the 82nd Regiment of Foot (Prince of Wales's Volunteers). The ships departed at 11:00 on 28 January and headed west along the English Channel and entered the Irish Sea at 5 pm.The weather had deteriorated during the day, and at 4 pm on 29 January Sea Horse's mate, John Sullivan, who was the only member of that ship's officers who was familiar with the Irish coast around Cork, fell from the foremast and died three hours later from his injuries. The captain, Gibbs, was unable to locate the Kinsale lights, and by this time the weather had deteriorated to a gale. At 6 am on 30 January the ship attempted to reach the sanctuary of Waterford harbour, but at 10:30 am the foretop was brought down, severely injuring a seaman. The crew prevented the ship from being driven onto the north arm of Tramore Bay by releasing its three anchors, but the sea was breaking over her from stem to stern, and by noon the anchors were dragging. The mizzen and main mast were cut free, and the rudder was destroyed by the mountainous seas. The ship ran aground on a shoal a mile from the shore in massive seas and started breaking up at 1 pm.The boats had been destroyed and assistance from the shore was impossible in the seas, and only 30 men, including the captain and two seamen, survived from the 394 men, women and children on board.Lord Melville failed to clear Kinsale Head on 30 January and was driven onto a shoal 300 metres from the shore. However the ship did not break up but a boat was launched containing four women, one child and eight men. This boat foundered and only one person survived, but the twelve people killed were the only deaths from Lord Melville,  the remainder of the passengers survived and left the ship as the gale subsided overnight.However Boadicea was less fortunate. Although the ship rounded Kinsale Head it was driven onto the shore at Garretstown Beach, and broke up. About 100 people managed to scramble onto a large rock, but 190 died of the 324 aboard.Several monuments were constructed commemorating the accidents. Waterford Crystal adopted the seahorse as its trademark, and it appears on the crest of Tramore.

See also
List of disasters in Great Britain and Ireland by death toll


JSC Concern Sozvezdie (Russian for Constellation) is the leading Russian developer and manufacturer of electronic warfare, radio communications, electronic countermeasures systems and equipment.
The organization is headquartered in Voronezh and was founded on July 29, 2004 by Decree of the Russian President. The concern has developed Russia's new multi functional electronical warfare weapon system. in 1963 Concern "Sozvezdie" the first in the world has created a full-fledged mobile communications.

Structure
JSC Concern Sozvezdie includes the following enterprises and scientific research institutes:

Voronezh Scientific Research Institute of Communication (VNIIS) - head organization Founded in 1958
JSC TNIIR 'Efir'
JSC Sarapul radiozavod
JSC Tambov plant 'Revtrud'
JSC Elektroautomatika
JSC NPP 'Start'
JSC Tambov plant 'October'
JSC 'Luch' Plant
JSC Ryazanskiy radiozavod
JSC Slavgorod plant of radioequipment
JSC Almaz
JSC Voronezh Central KB 'Polyus'
JSC VNII 'Vega'
JSC NPP 'Volna'
JSC 'Yantar' plant
JSC Krasnodar instrumentation plant 'Kaskade'
JSC Krasnodar KB  'Selena'
JSC 'KB of experimental works'and others.

United States sanctions
On July 16, 2014, the Obama administration imposed sanctions through the US Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) by adding Concern Sozvezdie and other entities to the Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN) in retaliation for the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War.

See also
Almaz-Antey

References
External links
(in Russian) Official site of the Sozvezdie
(in Russian) Products official catalog of the SozvezdieA cat lady is a cultural archetype or stock character, most often depicted as a woman, a middle-aged or elderly spinster or widow, who has many cats. The term may be pejorative, or it may be affectionately embraced.

Usage and association
Women who have cats have long been associated with the concept of spinsterhood. In more recent decades, the concept of a cat lady has been associated with "romance-challenged (often career-oriented) women". Specifically, it has also been embraced by lesbians.A cat lady may also be an animal hoarder who keeps large numbers of cats without having the ability to properly house or care for them. They may be ignorant about their situation, or generally unaware of their situation. People who are aware of it are not normally considered cat ladies.
Depending on context, the ordinarily pejorative word "crazy" may be prepended to "cat lady" to indicate either a pejorative or a humorous and affectionate label. Some writers, celebrities, and artists have challenged the  gender-based "Crazy Cat Lady" stereotype, and embraced the term to mean an animal lover or rescuer who cares for one or multiple cats, and who is psychologically healthy.A 2019 study found no differences between cat-owners and non-cat owners for anxiety, depression or experiences in relationships: "We suggest that our findings are, therefore, not consistent with a description of cat-owners as depressed, anxious or as having difficulty with human relationships." However, a separate 1983 study found that pet owners tended to score higher than nonowners on social sensitivity and interpersonal trust, though there was no appreciative difference between dog and cat owners.

Documentary
The documentary Cat Ladies (2009) tells the stories of four women whose lives became dedicated to their cats. The film was directed by Christie Callan-Jones and produced by Chocolate Box Entertainment, originally for TVOntario. It was an official selection at the 2009 Hot Docs Festival, Silverdocs Festival, and San Francisco's DocFest.Naftali Berrill, Ph.D., Director of the New York Center for Neuropsychology and Forensic Behavioral Science told AOL Health, "These may be people who have a very hard time expressing themselves to other people. They may find the human need for affection is met most easily through a relationship with a pet." This devotion can sometimes signal mental or emotional issues such as depression.

Toxoplasma gondii
Some studies indicate a link between the parasite Toxoplasma gondii, which sexually reproduces exclusively in cats, and numerous psychiatric conditions, including obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and schizophrenia, 
whereas other studies have showed that T. gondii is not a causative factor in later psychoses.The compulsive hoarding of cats, a symptom of obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), has long been associated with "crazy cat ladies". Mass media has drawn on this stereotype to coin the term crazy cat lady syndrome to refer to the association between T. gondii and psychiatric conditions.

Notable examples
Florence Nightingale had many cats named after famous public figures such as Gladstone and Bismarck.
Edith Ewing Bouvier and her daughter Edith Bouvier Beale had many cats living with them in their decrepit home Grey Gardens. Reportedly, some 30 cats lived in the house by the time Little Edie sold it in 1979.
Bertha Rand was Winnipeg's notorious Cat Lady, who for years battled her neighbours and city hall to save her dozens of cats. Even years after her death, she still holds a place in Canadian popular culture. Maureen Hunter's play The Queen of Queen Street is based on Rand's life.

Cultural references
Cat ladies in popular culture include:

Television
In the Adventures of Superman episode "Olsen's Millions" has Jimmy Olsen receiving a reward for rescuing a cat belonging to Mrs. Peabody (portrayed by Elizabeth Patterson), a Metropolis cat lady.
"Grandma Puggy" (portrayed by Dana Carvey) is a widowed grandmother who had cats everywhere and whose hair got on the guests. She was also mentioned in a Saturday Night Live "Wayne's World" sketch by Garth (also portrayed by Carvey) who trick-or-treated at the house of "some weird old lady who had about a gazillion cats and their hair got on my candy apple".
In Codename: Kids Next Door, the Crazy Old Cat Lady (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is a half-human half-feline villain who lives with thousands of black and white cats and possesses the power to control them.
In the CSI: Crime Scene Investigation episode "Cats in the Cradle", a cat lady named Ruth Elliot (portrayed by Ellen Geer) is revealed to have been murdered by a young girl named Jessica Trent (portrayed by Courtney Jines) after she and her sister Jackie (portrayed by Jennette McCurdy) wanted a cat which Ruth was unwilling to part with as she considered it one of her children.
Angela Martin is a character on The Office who is a cat lady.
In The Simpsons, the Crazy Cat Lady (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is a recurring character whose real name is Eleanor Abernathy.
In the Disney Channel series The Suite Life on Deck, schoolteacher Emma Tutweiller (Erin Cardillo) has 30 cats in her cabin.
Jefferson (portrayed by Tyler, The Creator) from the Adult Swim TV series Loiter Squad is a cat person.
In Futurama, Hattie McDoogal (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is an old woman who lives alone with her cats and often uses nonsense words and phrases, such as "kerjigger". She briefly serves as the landlady of Fry and Bender, and holds a single share of Planet Express, allowing her the decisive vote for its CEO. She has been married twice, surviving both of them, and often dates. She once hired Kif Kroker as a male escort. MacNeille also voices the Crazy Cat Lady on The Simpsons.
In The Loud House, Rita Loud's aunt Ruth (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is a cat lady.
In Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, the episode "Trent?!" features a musical number where the main character Rebecca and her friends make jokes about being cat ladies after Rebecca cuts off her sexual relationship.

Film
In a key scene in A Clockwork Orange (1971), the violent sociopath Alex DeLarge murders a paranoid cat lady, for which he is convicted and sentenced to a prison term during which he undergoes behavioral training to become a vastly different person.
In the black comedy The End (1978), Sally Field portrays Burt Reynolds' distracted cat lady girlfriend Mary Ellen, who is too absorbed in her feline pets to react to Burt's news that he is dying.
In a scene in Tim Burton's Batman Returns (1992) after being pushed to her breaking point by Max Schreck, Selina Kyle (portrayed by Michelle Pfeiffer) transforms from a cat lady into Catwoman.
In Catwoman (2004), Patience Phillips (portrayed by Halle Berry) visits a cat lady who tells her about how to embrace her new identity as Catwoman, claiming an Egyptian Mau called Midnight chose to give her cat-like superpowers.
In The Lego Movie (2014), Mrs. Scratchen-Post is a cat lady minifigure who is one of Emmet Brickowski's neighbors.

Music
On Venetian Snares's album Songs About My Cats (2001), he features a song called "For Bertha Rand." The album features many samples of cats which are worked into Aaron's distinct break-core style of old-school jungle music.

Games
The Cat Lady (2012) is a psychological horror graphic adventure game developed by Remigiusz Michalski.
In The Sims 3's Pets expansion pack, there is a new town called "Appaloosa Plains", and one of the many residents in the town is an elderly woman with lots of cats. The household may be somewhat challenging, as the player has to care for all those cats and fulfill the Sim's own wishes and needs as well. If the cats are not properly cared for and fed, then they may all be taken away.

Events
CatCon, an event described as "The convention with cattitude", hosted seminars featuring actor Ian Somerhalder and actress Mayim Bialik, meet and greets with celebrity cats Lil BUB and Nala, and an adoption village where visitors can meet and adopt a cat or kitten.
National Cat Lady Day is celebrated April 19, as a way to debunk the myth that cat ladies are dowdy spinsters. "Now it's chic to be a cat lady!" said CatCon creator Susan Michals.

Toys
There is an action figure "[1]" and a board game "[2]" depicting a crazy cat lady.

See also
Think Think and Ah Tsai
Cat people and dog people

References


== External links ==Theumella is a genus of Ethiopian ground spiders that was first described by Embrik Strand in 1906. As of June 2019 it contains only two species, found only in Ethiopia: T. penicillata and T. typica. Originally placed with the long-spinneret ground spiders, it was transferred to the ground spiders in 2018.

See also
List of Gnaphosidae species


Narmeh (Persian: نرمه; also known as Narmeh Sa‘dābād and Narmeh-ye Pa’īn) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 27 families.


Pritam Singh Sahni, or "Kasad" (1924–2008) was a Punjabi poet from New Delhi, India. Kasad was active in Punjabi Kavi circles. He authored more than 20 books of Punjabi poetry and was also a playwright.
Kasad's family moved from Gah, Pakistan during Partition of India in 1947. Although he struggled to support his family and settle in a new place, he was able to write poetry and to participate in gatherings all over India. In 1962, Kasad received a letter of appreciation from Jawaharlal Nehru and, in 1999, he was part of the Kavi Darbar celebrating the birthday of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. Kasad had two sons and four daughters.
In 2022, on his 14th death anniversary, Jassi released a track reciting one of his classic poems.

Works
Aazadi De Vedi tei, November 1956, a collection of patriotic poems.
Jaag Manukhata Jaag, November 1958, a collection of social reform poems
Kesri Nishan, April 1961, poems on sovereignty in Sikhism
Kharag Khalsa, January 1986, poems describing the glory of Khalsa Panth
Rutan de Parchawe, 1990, a collection of romantic poems.

Translated Works
Kharag Khalsa, April 2018, rendition of 54 Punjabi poems into poetic English translation, by Tarundeep Singh (Bobby) ISBN 978-81-7010-422-3 (Publisher: Sanbun Hemkunt Publishers, New Delhi)


Anarchism in Panama began as an organized movement among immigrant workers, brought to the country to work on the numerous megaprojects throughout its history.

History
The construction of the Panama Canal Railway and the Panama Canal brought a large number of migrant workers to Panama. The construction period that was conducted by the French brought about 20,000 workers into the country, many of whom were anarchists from Europe. The construction period conducted by the United States brought about 40,000 workers from Central America and the Caribbean to the country. It was these workers that first brought anarcho-syndicalism to Panama.: 291  The most libertarian workers came from Spain, a country where the anarchist movement was tightly organized and held revolutionary experience. While the railway was under construction, a number of strikes broke out, demanding higher wages and improved working conditions. Strikes erupted again in 1895, led mostly by European anarchists, some of them were even successful.
On June 11, 1904, the Panamanian government passed a law that prohibited entry to anarchist immigrants.: 294  In 1905, governor George W. Davis, made an effort to hinder construction work by anarchists. In 1907, 2,000 Spanish workers struck for better wages. Panamanian anarchists organized as a fringe movement within the Federación Obrera, which had been formed by the liberal politician Belisario Porras, where they promoted a tenants’ strike. A number of individualist anarchists, influenced by the philosophies of Nietzsche and Stirner, also arrived in Panama. They saw syndicalism as a potential enemy, due to its organizationalist tendencies, and instead formed several affinity groups for their activities. In 1911 the individualist newspaper El Unico was first published in Colón.In 1924, a group of anarcho-syndicalists established the Sindicato General de Trabajadores, the first national trade union center in Panama, which attracted thousands of members, including foreign and Panamanian anarchists, as well as the future leaders of the Communist and Socialist parties.: 296

References
Bibliography
Cappelletti, Angel J. (2018). Anarchism in Latin America. Translated by Gabirel Palmer-Fernández. Edinburgh: AK Press. pp. 216–217. ISBN 9781849352826. OCLC 1044939183.James C. Hickman (August 27, 1927 – September 10, 2006) was an American actuary. He was internationally publicized for his work in actuarial education as well as being a major contribution in the development of the actuarial profession.  He was a professor emeritus of business and statistics and former dean of the University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Business.

Private life
James Hickman was born August 27, 1927 in Indianola, Iowa. His father (also named James C. Hickman) owned a small shop on the town's square. Hickman went to Simpson College where he earned his bachelor's degree in mathematics with an emphasis in actuarial science in 1950. From there he went on to the University of Iowa to get his master's degree in mathematical statistics in 1952. He earned a doctorate in 1961 from the University of Iowa.
In 1952 Hickman married his wife Margaret, with whom he had three children, Charles, Don and Barbara. He loved the outdoors and completed a number of bicycle tours through Nova Scotia, Colorado, Alaska and California. He also enjoyed climbing mountains and worked briefly as a forest ranger before entering academic life.
After fighting cancer Hickman died September 10, 2006 at the age of 79.

Professional life
He started as a part-time instructor at University of Iowa in 1951. After obtaining his master's degree in 1952 Hickman worked briefly for Bankers Life Company in Des Moines, Iowa. He then went on to earn his Doctorate from the University of Iowa in 1961.  During this time he was working in their mathematics and statistics department and was named a full professor in 1967. He left UI after only five years as a full professor, and in 1972 he went to the University of Wisconsin–Madison.  Later (in 1985) he would be named the dean of the School of Business at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was dean until 1990 and left the University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty in 1993.
In 2006, then UW Business School Dean Michael Knetter said, "While research and academic work was Jim's passion, he also provided great leadership for the School of Business at a critical period when our alumni became more engaged and supportive of our efforts."  He went on to say, "As dean, Jim was instrumental in the effort to develop, design and build Grainger Hall. He was a great role model for many of us and will be missed by the entire community."
While serving as dean Hickman raised $40 million in support of a new building, Grainger Hall which was named after businessman David Grainger. He also was successful in initiating curriculum changes which included a major revision of the M.B.A. program and the establishing of new programs in the marketing research and distribution management.
James Hickman has written numerous articles. He was co-author of Actuarial Mathematics which is the center of the Society of Actuaries' education program. He was on the board of governors of both Beta Gamma Sigma and the Society of Actuaries (which he was also vice-president). He was a fellow of the Society of Actuaries (or FSA), and an associate of the Casualty Actuarial Society (or ACAS). Hickman has been involved with many organizations and advisory groups at the local, state, and national levels, sharing his expertise on a variety of issues, such as health care, workers' compensation, and social security.
He was the winner of the 1981 and 1984 Halmstad Prize of the Actuarial Education and Research Fund for best contributions to actuarial science literature. He also won the business school's 1985 Erwin A. Gaumnitz Distinguished Faculty Award for outstanding teaching, research and public service.

Notable books by James Hickman
Finite Mathematics and Finite Mathematics with Calculus, by Robert V. Hogg, Ronald H. Randles, A.J. Schaeffer and James C. Hickman, Cummings Publishing, (1974)
Actuarial Mathematics, by Newton L. Bowers, James C. Hickman, Cecil J. Nesbitt, Donald A. Jones and Hans U Gerber, Society of Actuaries, (May 1997)
The Old-Age Crisis: Actuarial Opportunities the 1996 Bowles Symposium, by James C. Hickman, GA.) BOWLES SYMPOSIUM (1996 ATLANTA), Society of Actuaries (March 1999)

References
Chaptman, Denis (13 September 2006). "James C. Hickman, former business school dean, dies". Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System. Retrieved 2018-07-16.James C. Hickman, University of Iowa Alumni Association, retrieved 2 June 2007Sullivan, Steve (Nov–Dec 2006), "A Gentleman and a Scholar" (PDF), Contingencies, 18 (6), retrieved 2 June 2007Frees, Edward (Jan 2007), "James C. Hickman: An Actuary Who Made a Difference", North American Actuarial Journal, 11 (1), doi:10.1080/10920277.2007.10597429, S2CID 152648736, retrieved 15 May 2012Kalamandalam Leelamma (c.1952 – 15 June 2017) was a leading Mohiniyattom dancer from Kerala, India.
A book with all relevant details and growth of Mohiniyattam is to her credit which was a cherished ambition of Keralites with special details on "Adavus". She worked as Campus Director (Nila Campus) in Kerala Kalamandalam, Deemed University for Art and Culture, the pioneer institution for classical dances in the world, after her retirement from the same university as the Head of the Department Dances.She was awarded Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for her contribution to Mohiniyattom.She died on 15 June 2017.

References
External links
Official websiteThe Kebir-Jami Mosque (Turkish: Kebir Camii) is located in Simferopol, Crimea. Kebir-Jami mosque is a prominent architectural monument in Simferopol and the oldest building in the city.

History
In 1508, or 914 Hijri by the Muslim calendar, Kebir-Jami mosque was dedicated. Writing at the entrance of the mosque in Arabic language states: "This mosque was built for the Glory of the Mightiness of the Khan Meñli I Giray, may Allah forgive all sins of himself and his children in the month of Muharram in the year of nine hundred and fourteen".  It is believed that the white walls of the mosque gave name to the medieval city of Aqmescit (White Mosque). Through the years the mosque has undergone reconstruction many times.
After World War II Kebir-Jami was left in a state of neglect. For several years the mosque was used as a book-cover workshop. After the return of the Crimean Tatars from deportation a revival of the old mosque began: in 1989 the mosque was given back to the Muslim community. Reconstruction began in late October 1991.Today, Kebir-Jami is the main Friday mosque of Crimea, it is the residence of the Mufti and the location of the Spiritual Direction of the Muslims of Crimea. The grounds also included a madrasah (educational institution) and the Crimean Tatar library.

See also
Religion in Crimea
List of mosques in Russia
List of mosques in Europe


Old Sardinia Town Hall, also known as the Sardinia Meeting House and First Baptist Church of Sardinia, is a historic town hall located at Sardinia in Erie County, New York. It was built between 1828 and 1830, and is a two-story, transitional Federal / Greek Revival style frame building.  It originally housed a Baptist church congregation. The building was renovated in the early-1930s and housed a local community hall until deeded to the town of Sardinia in 1945 for use as a town hall.  It is now home to the Sardinia Historical Society and Museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

References
External links
Sardinia Historical Society
"New name chosen for old Sardinia Town Hall," Springville Journal, March 18, 2009USS R-27 (SS-104) was an R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine built for the United States Navy during World War I.

Description
The R-boats built by Lake Torpedo Boat Company (R-21 through R-27) are sometimes considered a separate class from those of the other builders. The Lake boats had a length of 175 feet (53.3 m) overall, a beam of 16 feet 8 inches (5.1 m) and a mean draft of 13 feet 11 inches (4.2 m). They displaced 497 long tons (505 t) on the surface and 652 long tons (662 t) submerged. The R-class submarines had a crew of 3 officers and 23 enlisted men. They had a diving depth of 200 feet (61.0 m).For surface running, the boats were powered by two 500-brake-horsepower (373 kW) diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged each propeller was driven by a 400-horsepower (298 kW) electric motor. They could reach 14 knots (26 km/h; 16 mph) on the surface and 11 knots (20 km/h; 13 mph) underwater. On the surface, the Lake boats had a range of 3,523 nautical miles (6,525 km; 4,054 mi) at 11 knots (20 km/h; 13 mph) and 150 nmi (280 km; 170 mi) at 5 knots (9.3 km/h; 5.8 mph) submerged.The boats were armed with four 21-inch (53.3 cm) torpedo tubes in the bow. They carried four reloads, for a total of eight torpedoes. The R-class submarines were also armed with a single 3"/50 caliber deck gun.

Construction and career
R-27 was laid down on 16 May 1917 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport, Connecticut. 
She was launched on 23 September 1918 sponsored by Mrs. Mary Louise Foster, and commissioned on 3 September 1919 with Lieutenant William C. Burgy in command. Assigned duty with Submarine Division 1 in the Panama Canal Zone, R-27 got underway for her homeport of Coco Solo on 1 November. She arrived at Coco Solo on 11 December and conducted operations out of that port and out of Balboa.  Given hull classification symbol SS-104 in July 1920, she interrupted her five years in the Canal Zone with an overhaul at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, during the winter of 1921-1922 and a run to Pearl Harbor for exercises in early 1923. On 1 November 1924, she departed Coco Solo for the last time. On 24 November she arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, whence she was towed to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  There she was decommissioned on 24 April 1925 after only five-and-a-half years of service. She was berthed at League Island until struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 9 May 1930.  Her hull was sold for scrapping the following July.

Notes
References
Friedman, Norman (1995). U.S. Submarines Through 1945: An Illustrated Design History. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-263-3.
Gardiner, Robert & Gray, Randal, eds. (1985). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships: 1906–1921. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 0-85177-245-5.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.

External links
Photo gallery of USS R-27 at NavSource Naval HistoryEuan Thorburn (born 19 October 1986) is a British rally driver from Duns. He was Scottish Rally Champion in 2014, 2017 and 2019 and was the BTRDA (British Trial & Rally Drivers Association) Champion for 2013 and 2019.

Career
His first rally was in 2005 at the wheel of a Peugeot 205 on a round of the Scottish Rally Championship. In 2006, he progressed to a Subaru Impreza but it was not until 2010 when he moved to a Mitsubishi EVO and a regular co-driver, Paul Beaton, that he started to achieve successful results culminating in the SRC runner-up position in 2011.
For season 2012 the duo made their debut in an ex-Carlos Sainz Ford Focus WRC.
In 2013 Thorburn attempted a full season in both the SRC and the BTRDA championship. A season of mixed fortunes saw him finish 5th overall in the SRC and championship winner of the BTRDA season.
SRC season 2014 saw Thorburn crowned champion after winning four of the eight events.
2016 saw Thorburn and Beaton mount an attack on the British Rally Championship in a Peugeot 208 T16. In a disappointing season they entered three rallies, only managing to finish one. In 2017 the pair entered selected BRC and SRC events in a Ford Fiesta R5. They finished 16th overall in the BRC and took the SRC title for the second time in their careers.

Complete World Rally Championship results
IRC results
ERC results
References
External links
Official websiteKazimierz Bartoszewicz (1852–1930) was a Polish writer and historian. He spent at least part of his life in Kraków.
He was son of Julian Bartoszewicz. In his last will he donated his collection to Museum of History and Art in Łódź, which is now named after him.

Works
Z wesołych chwil, 1876
Trzy dni w Zakopanem, 1890
Lukrecjon, 1898
Dzieje Insurekcji Kościuszkowskiej, 1908
Dzieje Galicji, 1917

Quotes
Stupidity is sticking on,
Understanding hardly grows itself
to the epidemic disease out.

External links
(in Polish) Online scanned version of 'Dzieje Insurekcji Kościuszkoskiej' (History of (1794) Warsaw Insurrection)Space-based radar is space-borne radar systems that may have any of a variety of purposes.  A number of Earth-observing radar satellites, such as RADARSAT, have employed synthetic aperture radar (SAR) to obtain terrain and land-cover information about the Earth.

Military
In the United States, Discoverer II was a proposed military space-based radar program initiated in February 1998 as a joint Air Force, DARPA, and NRO program.  The concept was to provide high-range-resolution ground moving target indication (GMTI), as well as SAR imaging and high-resolution digital mapping.  This program was cancelled by Congress in 2007.  SBR is a less-ambitious version of Discoverer II.
Space-based radar (SBR) is a proposed constellation of active radar satellites for the United States Department of Defense. The SBR system would allow detection and tracking of aircraft, ocean-going vessels (similar to the Soviet US-A program), and potentially land vehicles from space. This information would then be relayed to regional and national command centers, as well as E-10 MC2A airborne command posts.

Active military radar satellites
Indian RISAT
American Lacrosse
Russian Kondor
Japanese Information Gathering Satellite
German SAR-Lupe
Chinese Huanjing

Earth-observing radars
Use of radar sensor for Earth observation purposes was started by NASA/JPL's Seasat satellite, which carried three different radar sensors: 

a synthetic aperture radar (SAR) for high-resolution imaging
a radar altimeter, to measure the ocean topography
a wind scatterometer to measure wind speed and directionAfter Seasat, SARs, altimeters and scatterometers have been flown on several other space missions.
While the SAR, in principle, is similar to its airborne counterparts (with the advantage of the increased coverage and worldwide access offered by the satellite platform), the other two are specific to satellite operations.
A satellite radar-altimeter is a nadir-looking radar with very high range resolution, which measures the ocean surface topography with an accuracy in the order of few centimeters. Additionally, analysis of the echo amplitude and shape can extract information about the wind speed and wave height, respectively.
Some radar-altimeters (like CryoSat/SIRAL) employ synthetic aperture and/or interferometric techniques: their reduced footprint allows mapping of rougher surfaces like polar ices.
A wind scatterometer observes the same portion of the ocean surface from different (at least 3) angles of view as the satellite passes by, measuring the echo amplitude and the corresponding surface reflectivity. Reflectivity being affected by the ocean surface "roughness", which in turn is affected by the wind and also dependent on its direction, this instrument can determine the wind speed and direction.
These three types of radar are currently used on several satellites. Scatterometers are of high value for operational meteorology, allowing reconstruction of wind fields on a global scale. Data from radar altimeters are used for the accurate determination of the geoid, monitoring of tides, ocean currents and other large-scale ocean phenomena such as El Niño.
SARs applications are many: they range from geology to crop monitoring, from measurement of sea ice to disaster monitoring to vessel traffic surveillance, not to forget the military applications (many civilian SAR satellites are, in fact, dual-use systems). SAR imaging offer the great advantage, over its optical counterparts, of not being affected by meteorological conditions such as clouds, fog, etc., making it the sensor of choice when continuity of data must be ensured. 
Additionally, SAR interferometry (both dual-pass or single-pass, as used in the SRTM mission) allows accurate 3-D Reconstruction.
Other types of radars have been flown for Earth observation missions: precipitation radars such as the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission, or cloud radars like the one used on Cloudsat.
Like other Earth observation satellites, radar satellites often use Sun-synchronous orbits so that diurnal variations of vegetation are ignored, allowing long-term variations to be more accurately measured.
Earth-observing radar satellites include:

RISAT-1 (SAR, ISRO India, 2012)
RORSAT (SAR, Soviet Union, 1967-1988)
Seasat (SAR, altimeter, scatterometer, US, 1978)
RADARSAT-1 (SAR, Canadian, 1995)
RADARSAT-2 (SAR, Canadian, 2007)
SAR Lupe 1-5 (SAR satellites of the German Air Force)
TerraSAR-X (SAR Germany, 2007)
TanDEM-X (SAR Germany, 2010)
COSMO-SkyMed (SAR, Italy, 2007)
SAOCOM (L band SAR constellation, Argentina)
TecSAR (SAR, Israeli, 2008)
TOPEX/Poseidon (altimeter)
Jason 1 / Jason 2 (altimeter)
Shuttle Imaging Radar (see Shuttle Radar Topography Mission) (SAR)
JERS-1 (SAR)
Geosat (altimeter)
ERS-1 & ERS-2 (European Remote-Sensing Satellite) (altimeter, combined SAR/scatterometer)
Envisat (SAR, altimeter)
Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission (Precipitation Radar)
Cloudsat (cloud radar)
Metop (scatterometer)
QuickScat (scatterometer)
NISAR (satellite)
Almaz
Sentinel-1

Planetary radars
Most of the radars flown as payload in planetary missions (i.e., not considering avionics radar, such as docking and landing radars used in Apollo and LEM) belong to two categories: imaging radars and sounders.
Imaging radars: Synthetic aperture radars are the only instruments capable of penetrating heavy cloud cover around planets such as Venus, which was the first target for such missions. Two Soviet spacecraft (Venera 15 and Venera 16) imaged the planet in 1983 and 1984 using SAR and Radar altimeters. The Magellan probe also imaged Venus in 1990 and 1994.
The only other target of an imaging radar mission has been Titan, the largest moon of Saturn, in order to penetrate its opaque atmosphere. The radar of the Cassini probe, which orbited Saturn between 2004 and 2017, provided images of Titan's surface during each fly-by of the moon. The Cassini radar was a multimode system and could operate as Synthetic Aperture Radar, radar altimeter, scatterometer and radiometer.
Sounding radars: these are low-frequency (normally, HF - 3 to 30 MHz - or lower) ground-penetrating Radars, used to acquire data about the planet sub-surface structure. Their low operating frequency allow them to penetrate hundreds of meters, or even kilometers, below the surface. Synthetic aperture techniques are normally exploited to reduce the ground footprint (due to the low operating frequency and the small allowable antenna dimensions, the beam is very wide) and, thus, the unwanted echo from other surface objects.
The first radar sounder flown was ALSE (Apollo Lunar Sounder Experiment) on board Apollo 17 in 1972.
Other sounder instruments flown (in this case around Mars), are MARSIS (Mars Advanced Radar for SubSurface and Ionosphere Sounding) on board the European Space Agency's Mars Express probe, and SHARAD (mars SHAllow RADar sounder) on JPL's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO). Both are currently operational. A radar sounder is also used on the Japanese Moon probe SELENE, launched September 14, 2007.
A similar instrument (primarily devoted to ionospheric plasma probing) was embarked on the Japanese Martian mission Nozomi (launched in 1998 but lost).

References
External links
Air Force fact sheet
Globalsecurity.org page
Northrop Grumman info sheet
"The Space Based Radar Plan", John A. Tirpak, Air Force Magazine, August, 2002Frederic Henry Balfour (1846 – 27 May 1909) was a British expatriate editor, essayist, author, and sinologist, living in Shanghai during the Victorian era. He is most notable for his translation of the Tao Te Ching. Many of these translations appeared in his 1884  Taoist Texts: Ethical, Political and Speculative, also known simply as Taoist Texts.

Sinology
Comparing translations of the same passages in the Tao Te Ching by two sinologists, separated by a century, shows the tendency away from literal exposition in favor of figurative, artistic prose in Taoist studies.

Frederic H. Balfour, 1884:Although the Great Principle of Nature – Tao – has no form, it brought forth and nourishes Heaven and Earth; though it has no passions, it causes the Sun and Moon to revolve; though it has no name, it produces the growth and nurture of all things. As I do not know its name, I am compelled to call it simply, Tao.
Now this Principle includes the pure and the turbid; the active and the motionless. For instance, Heaven is pure, and Earth turbid; Heaven moves, and the Earth is still. The Masculine is pure, the feminine turbid; the Masculine is active and the Feminine at rest. Emerging from its source and flowing on to all its developments, it produced the visible creation. The pure is the origin of the turbid, and the active of the motionless. If a man is able to remain permanently pure and motionless, Heaven and Earth will both at once come and dwell in him. (tr. Balfour 1884)Livia Kohn, 1993:The Great Tao has no form; It brings forth and raises heaven and earth. The Great Tao has no feelings; It regulates the course of the sun and the moon. The Great Tao has no name; It raises and nourishes the myriad beings. I do not know its name – So I call it Tao.
The Tao can be pure or turbid; moving or tranquil. Heaven is pure, earth is turbid; Heaven is moving, earth is tranquil. The male is moving, the female is tranquil. Descending from the origin, Flowing toward the end, The myriad beings are being born. Purity – the source of turbidity, Movement – the root of tranquility. Always be pure and tranquil; Heaven and earth Return to the primordial. (tr. Kohn 1993)
Frederic H. Balfour also was sceptical that Laozi was the author of the Taoist book Tao Te Ching; notably writing in Leaves from my Chinese Scrapbook that Laozi "is a philosopher who never lived." Balfour believed that Laozi was an amalgam of wise ministers, or perhaps a literary device which Chuang Tzu used, as he expounded on his philosophy to students; very similar to the academic debate over the Greek philosopher Socrates.

Man of letters
Frederic H. Balfour was a prolific religious scholar, and published several volumes discussing the implications of theism on emerging societies. He also wrote several lengthy discourses on agnosticism. His letters about famine conditions in China were highly regarded, as little credible news regularly made it out of China during this period. Many of these letters appeared in Harper's Magazine. Balfour published several novels; under his own name, as well as under the pseudonym Ross George Dering. For most of his time in China, Balfour worked as editor-in-chief for North China Daily News, The Shanghai Evening Courier, and The Celestial Empire newspapers.

Essays
Preaching The Gospel (1872)
Sermons Never Preached (1879)
The Principle of Nature (1880)
The Song of Songs (Which Is Solomon?) (1893)
Unthinkables (1897)
The Higher Agnosticism (1907) 
Religious Systems of the World (1901)
The Relation of Spiritualism to Orthodoxy (1905)
A Curious Physical Phenomenon (1906)
A Patagonia Mage (1907)

Novels
Writing as Frederic H. Balfour
Cherryfield Hall (1895)
The Expiation of Eugene (1904)
Austin And His Friends (1906)
Writing as Ross George DeringGiraldi (1889)
The Virgin's Vengeance (1889)
The Undergraduate (1891)
Dr. Mirabel's Theory (1893)

Translations
Waifs & Strays from the Far East (1876)
The Divine Classic of Nan-hua: Being the Works of Chuang Tsze, Taoist Philosopher (1881)
Balfour, Frederic Henry (1883). Idiomatic Dialogues in the Peking Colloquial for the Use of Students. Shanghai: North-China Herald.
Taoist Texts: Ethical, Political and Speculative (1884)
Leaves from my Chinese Scrapbook (1887)

References
Additional sources
The Westminster Review, Richard Bentley & Son, London 1897
China Review IX (1880–1881), p. 380–382
China Review IX (1880–1881), p. 281–297
The Ch'ing Ching Ching, in Taoist Texts: Ethical, Political and Speculative, Frederic H. Balfour, Trübner and Co, 1884
Tao – The Way: Special Edition, ELPN Press, 2005 ISBN 1-934255-13-0
Qingjing jing, Scripture of Clarity and Quiescence, Livia Kohn in The Encyclopedia of Taoism, Routledge, 2007, p. 800–801
Frederic H. Balfour, Harvard University Press [1]
Frederic H. Balfour, Harvard University Press [2]
The Annals of Psychical Science (1906). Reprint by Kessinger, 2004 ISBN 1-4179-7797-3
World Mystery by G.R.S. Mead, Kessinger, 1987 ISBN 0-922802-91-2

External links
Works by Frederic Henry Balfour at Project Gutenberg
Austin And His Friends
Works by or about Frederic H. Balfour at Internet Archive
The Taoist Texts by Frederic H. Balfour at Sacred TextsThe Vault is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, published in 2011.  The novel is the 23rd in the Inspector Wexford series. It is a sequel to her previous standalone novel A Sight For Sore Eyes. The novel is the first sequel Rendell has written, and the first to feature Wexford in retirement.

Plot summary
Reg and Dora Wexford have moved from Kingsmarkham to a renovated London Coachhouse owned by their daughter Sheila.  Although Wexford has retired he acts as a consultant to a friend who works for the Metropolitan Police.  Together they investigate the mystery of the remains of four bodies which have been discovered in Orcadia Cottage, an old house situated in the suburb of St. John's Wood.


The Canadian Mathematical Society (CMS) (French: Société mathématique du Canada) is an association of professional mathematicians dedicated to the interests of mathematical research, outreach, and scholarship and education in Canada. It serves the national community through the publication of academic journals, community bulletins, and the administration of mathematical competitions.
It was originally conceived in June 1945 as the Canadian Mathematical Congress. A name change was debated for many years; ultimately, a new name was adopted in 1979, upon its incorporation as a non-profit charitable organization.
The society is also affiliated with various national and international mathematical societies, including the Canadian Applied and Industrial Mathematics Society and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. The society is also a member of the International Mathematical Union and the International Council for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.

History
The Canadian Mathematical Society (CMS) was originally conceived in June 1945 as the Canadian Mathematical Congress. The founding members hoped that "this congress [would] be the beginning of important mathematical development in Canada". Seeking to end confusion with the quadrennial mathematical congresses, a name change was considered for many years. Finally, upon its incorporation as a non-profit, charitable organization in 1978, a new name was adopted – the Canadian Mathematical Society.
Since then the society has expanded its activities to serve K-12 and post secondary students as well as professors and established researchers. Graham P. Wright served as executive director of the CMS from 1979 to 2009, and helped to build up the society's executive office in Ottawa and to develop its web-based electronic services.
The Canadian Mathematical Society was to celebrate its 75th anniversary during its 2020 Summer Meeting in Ottawa, Ontario. However, due to COVID-19 pandemic, the meeting was postponed to 2021 Summer Meeting.

Publications
The flagship publications of the CMS are the prominent, peer-reviewed research journals Canadian Journal of Mathematics, which is intended for full research papers, and the Canadian Mathematical Bulletin, which publishes shorter papers.  All past issues except the last five volumes are free to download. Access to the most recent research requires a subscription.In cooperation with Springer Publications, the CMS publishes many text books aimed at a university and academic researcher level. The series is called CMS Books in Mathematics.The CMS publishes ten issues per year of Crux Mathematicorum, which contains problem-solving challenges and techniques suitable for training in secondary school problem solving competitions such as the Canadian Mathematical Olympiad or the International Mathematical Olympiad. All past issues except the last five volumes are free to download and use. The CMS also publishes A Taste of Mathematics (ATOM), a series of small booklets on a variety of topics suitable for high school enrichment.The CMS Notes is the Society's official newsletter, published six times per year and available to members or the public online. It includes news relevant to the Canadian mathematical community, including notice on conferences, columns on research and education, book reviews, award announcements, and employment advertisements for mathematicians.

Activities
Student Committee
The Canadian Mathematical Society's Student Committee (Studc) was formed in 1999. Studc aims to bring together French and English Canadian graduate and undergraduate mathematics students through research and networking events and publication opportunities. Studc manages and publishes Notes from the Margin, a magazine-style publication devoted to publishing accessible research-based content in addition to opinion pieces, news articles, open problems that are of interest to the mathematical community, and brainteaser puzzles.

Conferences
CMS Meetings
CMS organizes two bilingual Meetings each year: the CMS Winter Meeting is normally held during the first weekend of December and the CMS Summer Meeting during the first weekend of June. Each Meeting takes place over the course of 3 days, with 2 days of pre-meeting activities. This includes the executive meeting, board of directors meeting, group development luncheon and mini-courses.
CMS Meetings are among the biggest mathematical events in Canada, bringing together over 800 of the most respected researchers, educators, post-doctorates and students in mathematics and related fields from around the world. The includes many scientific sessions and plenary, prize and public lectures.

Canadian Undergraduate Mathematics Conference
Through its Student Committee, the CMS is the main sponsor for the bilingual Canadian Undergraduate Mathematics Conference, an annual research and networking conference held each summer and targeted at Canadian undergraduates interested in any area of pure or applied mathematics. It is entirely student-run and driven by Studc. Delegates may opt to present a poster or paper, as well as a short talk on a topic of their choosing. The location of the conference is alternated between central Canada (defined as Ontario and Quebec) and Western or Eastern Canada every other year, with host applications being submitted by hopefuls a year in advance.

CWiMAC
The Women in Mathematics committee of the CMS also runs Connecting Women in Mathematics Across Canada (CWiMAC), a workshop and conference aimed at upcoming Canadian female mathematicians. In particular, they target current PhD students and new postdoctoral fellows seeking guidance in their field. The conference strives to strengthen the community between young female mathematicians and their senior counterparts through the building of mentorship, relationships, and networking.

Competitions
Canadian Open Mathematics Challenge
The CMS administers the Canadian Open Mathematics Challenge, a problem solving competition targeted at Canadian high school students, which is modelled after the analogous William Lowell Putnam Mathematical Competition for undergraduates. High-scoring students may be invited to compete in the Canadian Mathematical Olympiad, a problem-solving and mathematics competition run by the CMS which is also used as a screening process for the selection of the Canadian team for the International Mathematical Olympiad.

Canadian Mathematical Gray Jay Competition
Canadian Mathematical Olympiad
Canadian Junior Mathematical Olympiad
Outreach
CMS runs several annual summer math camps across Canada to foster interest and excitement in elementary-school and secondary-school aged students. Some CMS math camps, are based on invitation and are targeted at high-potential students from all backgrounds, and others are open to all students with interest in mathematics. The CMS also runs several smaller specialty camps targeted at visible minorities and under-represented groups in the mathematical community.
Many member organizations also run outreach events to attract local talent to mathematics, such as Math Challenge programs held at the local university, Math Enrichment Centres, and educational events throughout the academic year.

Awards
The CMS annually awards the following prizes:

Jeffery–Williams Prize to recognize mathematicians who have made outstanding contributions to mathematical research.
Adrien Pouliot Award for contributions to mathematical education in Canada.
David Borwein Distinguished Career Award to recognize individuals who have made exceptional, broad, and continued contributions to Canadian mathematics.
Graham Wright Award for Distinguished Service recognizes individuals who have made sustained and significant contributions to the Canadian mathematical community and, in particular, to the Canadian Mathematical Society.
Excellence in Teaching Award recognizes sustained and distinguished contributions in teaching at the post-secondary undergraduate level.
G. de B. Robinson Award to recognize the publication of excellent papers in Canadian Journal of Mathematics and the Canadian Mathematical Bulletin
CMS Blair Spearman Doctoral Prize to recognize outstanding performance by a doctoral student.
Krieger–Nelson Prize is presented in recognition of an outstanding female in mathematics.
Coxeter–James Prize to recognize young mathematicians who have made outstanding contributions to mathematical research.

Presidents
See also
Atlantic Association for Research in the Mathematical Sciences
Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences
Fields Institute
Centre de recherches mathématiques
London Mathematical Society
Australian Mathematical Society
American Mathematical Society
Mathematical Association of America
List of mathematical societies

References
External links
Official website of the Canadian Mathematical Society
Official website of the Canadian Undergraduate Mathematics ConferenceJason Birch is a scholar of medieval hatha yoga and a founding member of SOAS's Centre for Yoga Studies.

Biography
Jason Birch gained his bachelor's degree in Sanskrit and Hindi at the University of Sydney. He won a Clarendon Scholarship to attend Balliol College, Oxford to study the Amanaska, the earliest rāja yoga text, under Alexis Sanderson. He completed his DPhil there in 2013. In 2014 he joined the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies as a research fellow. From 2015 he took part in the five-year Haṭha Yoga Project at SOAS University of London, where he has been translating and editing Sanskrit texts on haṭha yoga and rāja yoga. He is a founding member of SOAS's Centre for Yoga Studies.

Works
Articles
Birch, Jason (2011). "The Meaning of haṭha in Early Haṭhayoga". Journal of the American Oriental Society. 131 (4): 527–554.
Birch, Jason (2014). "Rājayoga: The Reincarnations of the King of All Yogas". International Journal of Hindu Studies. 17 (3): 399–442.
Birch, Jason (2018). "Premodern Yoga Traditions and Ayurveda". History of Science in South Asia (6): 1–83.
Birch, Jason; Singleton, Mark (2019). "The Yoga of the Haṭhābhyāsapaddhati: Haṭhayoga on the Cusp of Modernity". Journal of Yoga Studies. 2 (1): 3–70.
Birch, Jason (2019). "The Amaraughaprabodha: New Evidence on the Manuscript Transmission of an Early Work on Haṭha- and Rājayoga". Journal of Indian Philosophy. 47 (5): 947–977.

Book chapters
Birch, Jason (2018). "The Proliferation of Āsana-s in Late Mediaeval Yoga Texts".  In Karl Baier; Philipp A. Maas; Karin Preisendanz (eds.). Yoga in Transformation: Historical and Contemporary Perspectives. Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht Unipress. ISBN 978-3847108627.
Birch, Jason (2020). "Haṭhayoga's Floruit on the Eve of Colonialism".  In Goodall, Dominic; Hatley, Shaman; Isaacson, Harunaga; Raman, Srilata (eds.). Śaivism and the Tantric Traditions: Essays in Honour of Alexis G.J.S. Sanderson. Leiden: Brill. pp. 451–479.
Birch, Jason (2020). "The Quest for Liberation-in-Life: A Survey of Early Works on Haṭha- and Rājayoga".  In Flood, Gavin (ed.). Hindu Practice. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 200–242.

References
External links
Official website
Interview about the Hatha Yoga ProjectQi Jia (Chinese: 齐佳, born August 9, 1984 in Changchun) is a Chinese ice dancer. She competes with Sun Xu. They are the 2002 & 2003 Chinese national silver medalists and the 2001 national bronze medalists. Their highest placement at an ISU championship was 10th at the 2002 Four Continents Championships.

Results
(with Sun)

External links
Qi Jia at the International Skating UnionComber railway station was on the Belfast and County Down Railway which ran from Belfast to Newcastle, County Down in Northern Ireland.

History
The station was opened by the Belfast and County Down Railway on 6 May 1850 as the penultimate station on the original single-track line to Newtownards.
With the opening of the branch to Ballygowan and Downpatrick in 1958, it became a junction. The Newtownards branch was eventually extended to Donaghadee and the Downpatrick line to Newcastle.
The station closed to passengers in 1950, by which time it had been taken over by the Ulster Transport Authority. The station buildings, with the exception of the goods shed, were demolished and a section of the trackbed running through the station relaid as the A22 bypass.

References

Butt, R. V. J. (1995). The Directory of Railway Stations: details every public and private passenger station, halt, platform and stopping place, past and present (1st ed.). Sparkford: Patrick Stephens Ltd. ISBN 978-1-85260-508-7. OCLC 60251199.
Jowett, Alan (March 1989). Jowett's Railway Atlas of Great Britain and Ireland: From Pre-Grouping to the Present Day (1st ed.). Sparkford: Patrick Stephens Ltd. ISBN 978-1-85260-086-0. OCLC 22311137.
Jowett, Alan (2000). Jowett's Nationalised Railway Atlas (1st ed.). Penryn, Cornwall: Atlantic Transport Publishers. ISBN 978-0-906899-99-1. OCLC 228266687.Johannes M. P. Knoops  is an American architect, international architectural correspondent, and Professor in the Department of Interior Design at the Fashion Institute of Technology / State University of New York in New York City.
Knoops design for a private study in the tradition of a Japanese scholar's study as influenced by origami was written about in New York Magazine and his design for a new wedding chapel atop the New York Municipal Building by Architectural Scholar.An alumnus of the Yale School of Architecture, Knoops is a 2000 recipient of the Rome Prize in architecture. At F.I.T. he has been recognized with a faculty award for "rewriting (his) department's cirriculum and refreshing the Lawrence Israel Prize Lecture". In 2018 F.I.T. honored him with the SUNY Chancellor's Award for excellence in scholarship and creative activities.Knoops work "Venice Re-Mapped" was included in the exhibition "Time Space Existence" at the Palazzo Mora, a collateral exhibit of the 2016 edition of the Venice Biennale of Architecture. In 2018 as part of DESIGN.VE Knoops work was included in the exhibition "Design after Darwin" at the Palazzo Morosini, curated by Luca Berta, Francesca Giubilei, and Alice Stori.He is an Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America and served on staff at Ten Mile River Scout Camps, Camp Aquehonga. Most recently Knoops was engaged in researching and establishing the correct location of Aldus Pius Manutius' printing press from circa 1500 AD in the Campo San Augustino in Venice, work he completed while on a residency at Branca Center of the Giorgio Cini Foundation the Island of San Giorgio Maggiore in the Venetian lagoon.  In 2018, Damocle Edizioni issued a limited edition book by Knoops, "In Search of Aldus Pius Manutius" on his research establishing the actual site of this historically-significant early printing press.


George Sawyer is a British comedian. He is one half of the comedy duo "Larry & George" along with Laurence Rickard. He has written for The Armstrong and Miller Show, The Ministry of Curious Stuff, Me and My Monsters, Horrible Histories, Ed and Oucho's Excellent Inventions, Dick and Dom's Funny Business, Gigglebiz and Comedy Lab. He has also appeared in The Ministry of Curious Stuff, Horrible Histories, Dick and Dom’s Funny Business, School of Silence, Comedy Lab and Relic: Guardians of the Museum.

References
NoelGay-George Sawyer
Official Website
George Sawyer at IMDb"Sally" is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the May–June 1953 issue of Fantastic and later appeared in the Asimov collections Nightfall and Other Stories (1969) and The Complete Robot (1982).

Plot summary
The story portrays a future in which the only cars allowed on the road are those that contain positronic brains; these are autonomous cars and do not require a human driver.
The story takes place in 2057.  Fifty-one old cars have been retired to a farm run by Jake, where they can be properly cared for. All have names, but only three are identified by Jake. Sally is a vain convertible, possibly a Corvette (the only convertible US-made sports car at the time the story was written), and one sedan, Giuseppe, is identified as coming from the Milan factories, where Alfa Romeo was headquartered. The oldest car on the farm is from 2015, a Mat-o-Mot that goes by the name of Matthew, which Jake had once chauffeured.  The cars in the farm communicate by slamming doors and honking their horns, and by misfiring, causing audible engine knocking.
Raymond Gellhorn, an unscrupulous businessman, tries to steal some of the cars in order to 'recycle' the brains. He forces Jake at gunpoint to board a bus he has poorly wired up to control the vehicle, trying to get away from the farm with Jake as a hostage. (Jake describes the bus as suffering the positronic brain equivalent of perpetual migraines.) The cars chase and eventually surround the bus, communicating with it until it opens a door. Jake falls out, and the bus drives off with Gellhorn. Sally takes Jake back to the farm; Gellhorn is found dead in a ditch the next morning, exhausted and run over. The bus is found by the police and is identified by its tire tracks.
The story ends with Jake losing trust in his cars, thinking what the world will become if cars realize that they are effectively enslaved by humans, and revolt.

Notes
Asimov said, "Anyone reading 'Sally' can sense that I feel strongly attracted to the heroine of the story and that this probably reflects something of my own life ... The sexual symbolism is blatant".In contrast to most of Asimov's Robot stories, 'Sally' does not refer to or describe the Three Laws of Robotics, and may not be set in the same continuity.

References
External links
"Sally" title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
"Sally" on the Internet ArchiveSalitral District is one of eight districts of the province Sullana in Peru.


James Edward Ulland (born June 30, 1942) is an American politician in the state of Minnesota. He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and Minnesota Senate. He served as Minnesota Senate Minority Leader from 1983 to 1985.


Martin Jensen Linge,  (11 December 1894 – 27 December 1941) was a Norwegian actor who, in World War II, became the commander of the Norwegian Independent Company 1 (NOR.I.C.1) (pronounced as Norisen by the Norwegians), formed in March 1941 for operations on behalf of the Special Operations Executive.

Biography
Martin  Linge was born in Norddal, Møre og Romsdal County, Norway. In 1915 he graduated as a non-commissioned officer from the military school in Trondheim. He subsequently studied at the Trondheim Theatre (1917–1918). He debuted on the stage at the Central Theatre in Oslo in 1921 and appeared in both theatre and films during the 1920s and 1930s.
Martin Linge was father of Jan Herman Linge, an engineer and boat designer. He was also the grandfather of  Norwegian novelist Espen Haavardsholm, who wrote about his grandfather in Martin Linge – min morfar. Familieroman med fotografier  (Gyldendal norsk forlag. 1993).

Military career
Shortly after the German attack on Norway on 9 April 1940 he traveled to Åndalsnes to join his regiment. He had previously attained the rank of Lieutenant (in the reserve forces), and was also one of the first Norwegians to obtain a pilot's licence. When British troops landed at Åndalsnes from 17 April, Linge became liaison officer between the local regiment and the British. Åndalsnes (and other towns in Møre og Romsdal county) was at this time still unoccupied territory and the only port with railway connections to the East Norway and the campaign there. The King, the crown prince, the cabinet, Norway's gold and cash holdings, and finally general Otto Ruge with staff, escaped through Åndalsnes. Trygve Lie in his memoirs recalls meeting Linge at Åndalsnes. During German air bombing of a makeshift airfield at Setnesmoen, he was wounded and evacuated by boat to Britain. He was the first wounded Norwegian soldier to arrive in Britain.Among exiled Norwegians, Linge along with Nordahl Grieg and Olav Rytter were the first to propose ideas for resistance against the German occupation. "Our land is perfect for secret resistance and guerrilla warfare" he declared in June 1940. In August 1940 he was appointed as liaison officer to the War Office and soon began recruiting men and organizing what became Norwegian Independent Company 1.Linge was killed during Operation Archery, a British Combined Operations raid  at Måløy against German military positions on Vågsøy Island. During the Occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Måløy was used as a German coastal fortress, which had led to the eradication of all settlement on the island to make room for the fortress.  His body is buried at the Vestre gravlund (Western Cemetery) in Oslo.
Subsequently, the unit he had led was named Kompani Linge in his honor.  Linge Company was more formally known as Lingekompaniet (The Linge Company) ('-et' being the definite article suffix), by Norwegians. He was awarded Norway's highest military decoration for gallantry, the War Cross with sword.

Filmography
1926 - Vägarnas kung – Ola, a farm boy
1935 - Samhold må til –  Warden
1938 - Det drønner gjennom dalen – Policeman (Lensmannsbetjent)
1938 - Bør Børson Jr. – Nils Bækken
1939 - Gjest Baardsen –  Fisherman

Legacy
Martin Linge and his life are portrayed in the 1 hour documentary Martin Linge - skuespiller og legende (Martin Linge: Actor and Legend), which aired on NRK1 Fakta på Lørdag on 8 May 2004, produced by XpoMedia and Forsvarets Mediesenter (armed forces media center), directed by Mary Ann Myrvang and Runar Skjong, based on a concept, research, and script by Mary Ann Myrvang. Martin Linge is portrayed by the Norwegian actor Petter Næss in the 2008 movie Max Manus.

Memorials
Statue in the Linge park in Måløy
Crown Prince Olav unveiled a memorial stone and plaque at the Linge farm in Norddal on 17 June 1946.
An oil field in North Sea is named after him. The oil field was previously named Hild.

Streets named in his honour
Kaptein Linges vei, Ålesund
Kompani Linges vei, Stavanger
Martin Linges vei, Snarøya
Martin Linges vei, Oslo
Martin Linges vei, Strømmen
Martin Linges veg, Moss
Martin Linges veg, Heimdal
Martin Linges gate, Haugesund

References
Other sources
Ford, Ken (2011)  Operation Archery - The Commandos and the Vaagso Raid 1942   (Osprey Publishing) ISBN 978-1-84908-372-0
Devins, Joseph H., Jr.  (1983)  The Vaagso Raid   (Bantam Books) ISBN 978-0-553-23310-0

External links
Martin Linge at Find a Grave
Linge memorial at Måløy
Kompani Linge at Lofoten War MuseumFethiye, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.


Coherence therapy is a system of psychotherapy based in the theory that symptoms of mood, thought and behavior are produced coherently according to the person's current mental models of reality, most of which are implicit and unconscious. It was founded by Bruce Ecker and Laurel Hulley in the 1990s. It has been considered among the most well respected postmodern/constructivist therapies.

General description
The basis of coherence therapy is the principle of symptom coherence. This is the view that any response of the brain–mind–body system is an expression of coherent personal constructs (or schemas), which are nonverbal, emotional, perceptual and somatic knowings, not verbal-cognitive propositions. A therapy client's presenting symptoms are understood as an activation and enactment of specific constructs. The principle of symptom coherence can be found in varying degrees, explicitly or implicitly, in the writings of a number of historical psychotherapy theorists, including Sigmund Freud (1923), Harry Stack Sullivan (1948), Carl Jung (1964), R. D. Laing (1967), Gregory Bateson (1972), Virginia Satir (1972), Paul Watzlawick (1974), Eugene Gendlin (1982), Vittorio Guidano & Giovanni Liotti (1983), Les Greenberg (1993), Bessel van der Kolk (1994), Robert Kegan & Lisa Lahey (2001), Sue Johnson (2004), and others.The principle of symptom coherence maintains that an individual's seemingly irrational, out-of-control symptoms are actually sensible, cogent, orderly expressions of the person's existing constructions of self and world, rather than a disorder or pathology. Even a person's psychological resistance to change is seen as a result of the coherence of the person's mental constructions. Thus, coherence therapy, like some other postmodern therapies, approaches a person's resistance to change as an ally in psychotherapy and not an enemy.Coherence therapy is considered a type of psychological constructivism. It differs from some other forms of constructivism in that the principle of symptom coherence is fully explicit and rigorously operationalized, guiding and informing the entire methodology. The process of coherence therapy is experiential rather than analytic, and in this regard is similar to Gestalt therapy, Focusing or Hakomi. The aim is for the client to come into direct, emotional experience of the unconscious personal constructs (akin to complexes or ego-states) which produce an unwanted symptom and to undergo a natural process of revising or dissolving these constructs, thereby eliminating the symptom. Practitioners claim that the entire process often requires a dozen sessions or less, although it can take longer when the meanings and emotions underlying the symptom are particularly complex or intense.

Symptom coherence
Symptom coherence is defined by Ecker and Hulley as follows:
A person produces a particular symptom because, despite the suffering it entails, the symptom is compellingly necessary to have, according to at least one unconscious, nonverbal, emotionally potent schema or construction of reality.
Each symptom-requiring construction is cogent—a sensible, meaningful, well-knit, well-defined schema that was formed adaptively in response to earlier experiences and is still carried and applied in the present.
The person ceases producing the symptom as soon as there no longer exists any construction of reality in which the symptom is necessary to have.There are several forms of symptom coherence. Some symptoms are necessary because they serve a crucial function (such as depression that protects against feeling and expressing anger), while others have no function but are necessary in the sense of being an inevitable effect, or by-product, caused by some other adaptive, coherent but unconscious response (such as depression resulting from isolation, which itself is a strategy for feeling safe). Both functional and functionless symptoms are coherent, according to the client's own material.In other words, the theory states that symptoms are produced by how the individual strives, without conscious awareness, to carry out self-protecting or self-affirming purposes formed in the course of living. This model of symptom production fits into the broader category of psychological constructivism, which views the person as having profound, if unrecognized, agency in shaping experience and behavior.Symptom coherence does not apply to those symptoms that are not directly or indirectly caused by implicit schemas or emotional learnings—for example, hypothyroidism-induced depression, autism, and biochemical addiction.

Hierarchical organization of constructs
As a tool for identifying all of a person's relevant schemas or constructions of reality, Ecker and Hulley defined several logically hierarchical domains or orders of construction (inspired by Gregory Bateson):
The first order consists of a person's overt responses: thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.
The second order consists of the person's specific meaning of the concrete situation to which they are responding.
The third order consists of the person's broad purposes and strategies for construing that specific meaning (teleology).
The fourth order consists of the person's general meaning of the nature of self, others, and the world (ontology).
The fifth order consists of the person's broad purposes and strategies for construing that general meaning.
Higher orders (beyond the fifth order) are rarely involved in psychotherapy.A person's first-order symptoms of thought, mood, or behavior follow from a second-order construal of the situation, and that second-order construal is powerfully influenced by the person's third- and fourth-order constructions. Hence the third and higher orders constitute what Ecker and Hulley call "the emotional truth of the symptom", which are the meanings and purposes that are intended to be discovered, integrated, and transformed in therapy.

History
Coherence therapy was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s as Ecker and Hulley investigated why certain psychotherapy sessions seemed to produce deep transformations of emotional meaning and immediate symptom cessation, while most sessions did not. Studying many such transformative sessions for several years, they concluded that in these sessions, the therapist had desisted from doing anything to oppose or counteract the symptom, and the client had a powerful, felt experience of some previously unrecognized "emotional truth" that was making the symptom necessary to have.
Ecker and Hulley began developing experiential methods to intentionally facilitate this process. They found that a majority of their clients could begin having experiences of the underlying coherence of their symptoms from the first session. In addition to creating a methodology for swift retrieval of the emotional schemas driving symptom production, they also identified the process by which retrieved schemas then undergo profound change or dissolution: the retrieved emotional schema must be activated while concurrently the individual vividly experiences something that sharply contradicts it. Neuroscientists subsequently determined that these same steps are precisely what unlocks and deletes the neural circuit in implicit memory that stores an emotional learning—the process of reconsolidation.
Due to the swiftness of change that Ecker and Hulley began experiencing with many of their clients, they initially named this new system depth-oriented brief therapy (DOBT).
In 2005, Ecker and Hulley began calling the system coherence therapy in order for the name to more clearly reflect the central principle of the approach, and also because many therapists had come to associate the phrase "brief therapy" with depth-avoidant methods that they regard as superficial.

Evidence from neuroscience
In a series of three articles published in the Journal of Constructivist Psychology from 2007 to 2009, Bruce Ecker and Brian Toomey presented evidence that coherence therapy may be one of the systems of psychotherapy which, according to current neuroscience, makes fullest use of the brain's built-in capacities for change.Ecker and Toomey argued that the mechanism of change in coherence therapy correlates with the recently discovered neural process of "memory reconsolidation", a process that can "unwire" and delete longstanding emotional conditioning held in implicit memory. The assertions that coherence therapy achieves implicit memory deletion are unproven but align with the growing body of evidence supporting memory reconsolidation. Ecker and colleagues claim that: (a) their procedural steps match those identified by neuroscientists for reconsolidation, (b) their procedural steps result in effortless cessation of symptoms, and (c) the emotional experience of the retrieved, symptom-generating emotional schemas can no longer be evoked by cues that formerly evoked it strongly.The process of removing the neural basis of the symptom in coherence therapy (and in similar postmodern therapies) is different from the counteractive strategy of some behavioral therapies. In such behavioral therapies, new preferred behavioral patterns are typically practiced to compete against and hopefully override the unwanted ones; this counteractive process, like the "extinction" of conditioned responses in animals, is known to be inherently unstable and prone to relapse, because the neural circuit of the unwanted pattern continues to exist even when the unwanted pattern is in abeyance. Through reconsolidation, the unwanted neural circuits are "unwired" and cannot relapse.

See also
Client-centered therapy
Decisional balance sheet § ABC model
Emotionally focused therapy
Immunity to change
Method of levels
Post-rationalist cognitive therapy

Notes
References
Psychotherapy literature
Neuroscience literature
External links
CoherenceTherapy.org — Coherence Therapy (Depth Oriented Brief Therapy)Aleksander Gamme (born July 23, 1976) is a Norwegian adventurer, polar explorer, researcher, author and public speaker.
In 2007 he climbed Mount Everest with Stian Voldmo. While he was there he worked on an interactive teaching project "Hamar til Topps" 1,000 Norwegian students in 6th and 7th grades where he took students' paper planes to the top of Everest and flew them from the summit. The project received ITU's creative prize.In 2010 he and Erik Gran Kvaase became the first people to tandem bike across the Sahara. While there, they ran another teaching project as a follow up to "Hamar til Topps".In 2011, he completed the first unsupported solo coast to coast hike across Antarctica, going from Hercules Inlet to the South Pole and back again, a trip that took 57 days to the pole and 87 days until he returned to the coast. He finished at the same time as a concurrent expedition by Cas and Jonesy, after waiting so he could join them for the final day. Together they were the first unsupported trips to the South Pole and back.
During the expedition he gained some media attention for a video of him happily finding some Cheese Doodles in a forgotten cache of food.

Private life
Gamme was married to Cecilie Skog, a Norwegian mountain climber. The two were program leaders in NRK's program Dream Times. Their first child, Vilja Skog Gamme, was born in 2014.

Expeditions
2003: 50 days through Finnmark and Troms.
2003: Ismoil Somoni Peak (7495m) (stopped at 7000m).
2007: Mount Everest (Tibetan side, with Stian Voldmo).
2010: The world's first tandem bike through the Sahara.
2010: Broad Peak (8047m) (stopped at 7500m).
2011/12: First solo unsupported South Pole return hike (87 days, 2270 km)

Bibliography
Expedition Book, Larsforlaget / Cappelen, 2012.
12 tours with trøkk, Larsforlaget, 2012, (Birkebeineren - 800 years after)
Tough Trips with Trøkk, Larsforlaget, 2010 (On tandem bike through Sahara)
10 tours with trøkk, Larsforlaget, 2008 (50 days through Finnmark and Troms)
Touring with Tricks, Larsforlaget, 2006, (Pik Kommunizma)

References
External links
Aleksander Gamme WebsiteThe Rolls-Royce Phantom was Rolls-Royce's replacement for the original Silver Ghost. Introduced as the New Phantom in 1925, the Phantom had a larger engine than the Silver Ghost and used pushrod-operated overhead valves instead of the Silver Ghost's side valves. 
The Phantom was built in Derby, England, and Springfield, Massachusetts, in the United States.  There were several differences in specification between the English and American Phantoms.  
The Phantom was replaced by the Phantom II in 1929.  The designation Phantom I was never used by Rolls-Royce; it is a construct of enthusiasts applied to help distinguish it from other generations with the same model name.

Description
Name
Introduced in 1925, the New Phantom was Rolls-Royce's second 40/50 hp model.  To differentiate between the 40/50 hp  models, Rolls-Royce named the new model "New Phantom" and renamed the old model "Silver Ghost" [Incorrect, just like the so-called 'Gullwing' Mercedes-Benz, the company never referred to the first 40/50 hp model as the 'Silver Ghost'; this only came about later on account of the relative fame that the 'Silver Ghost' motorcar, AX201, chassis number 60551, received], which was the name given to their demonstration example, Registration No. AX201. When the New Phantom was replaced by another 40/50 hp  model in 1929, the replacement was named Phantom II and the New Phantom was renamed Phantom I.

Drivetrain
One major improvement over the Silver Ghost was the new pushrod-OHV straight-6 engine.  Constructed as two groups of three cylinders with a single detachable head, the engine was described by Rolls-Royce as producing "sufficient" power.  The engine used a 4¼ in (107.9 mm) bore and undersquare 5½ in (139.7 mm) stroke for a total of 7.7 L (7,668 cc (467.9 cu in)) of displacement.  In 1928, the cylinder heads were upgraded from cast iron to aluminium; this caused corrosion problems. The separate gearbox connected through a rubberised fabric flexible coupling to the clutch and through a torque tube enclosed drive to the differential at rear, as in the Silver Ghost.

Chassis
The New Phantom used the same frame as the Silver Ghost, with semi-elliptical springs suspending the front axle and cantilever springs suspending the rear axle.  4-wheel brakes with a servo-assistance system licensed from Hispano-Suiza were also specified, though some early US models lacked front brakes.

Differences between US and UK versions
Like the Silver Ghost, the New Phantom was constructed both at Rolls-Royces' Derby factory in the United Kingdom and at a factory in Springfield, Massachusetts in the United States. The US factory produced New Phantoms from 1926 to 1931.Principal differences between the US and UK models included wheelbases and transmissions. Both versions were specified with the same standard 143½ in (3644.9 mm) wheelbase; the long-wheelbase U.S. model was 146½ in (3721.1 mm) and the UK 150½ (3822.7 mm).  Both versions used a single dry-plate clutch, with US models equipped with a centre change 3-speed transmission and UK a 4-speed.Other minor differences include fuel gauge placement, with the UK New Phantom's at the tank but some US models having one on the dash, and manual central lubrication systems. The UK Phantom employed Enots nipples, some times as many as 50, which required attachment of a special Enots oil pressure gun and needed time-consuming service at 500, 1000 and 2000 mile intervals; the US model used a centralized Bijur system which lubricated all the oiling points with a stroke of a single pump.

Bodywork
Only the chassis and mechanical parts were produced by Rolls-Royce. The body was made and fitted by a coachbuilder selected by the owner. Coachbuilders who produced bodies for New Phantom cars included Barker, Park Ward, Biddle and Smart, Thrupp & Maberly, Mulliner, Hooper and the Italian coachbuilder Zagato.
American Phantoms could be bought with standardized bodies from Brewster & Co., which was owned by Rolls-Royce after 1926, and additional coachwork choices were available from Fleetwood. Several coachwork choices were listed, or just a plain chassis could be provided for US$13,335 ($200,981 in 2020 dollars ) A fendered chassis was also available, while coachwork choices were listed by different city names in England: These include the Derby Touring Sedan, Ascot Phaeton, York Roadster, Huntington Limousine, Henley Convertible, Avon Sedan, Newmarket Convertible Sedan, Chatsworth Town Car, and the French city of Trouville Town Car. A convertible sedan with coachwork from Hibbard & Darrin was also on offer.

Production
New Phantom (UK): 2269
New Phantom (US): 1240

References
Citations
BibliographyBaldwin, N. (1994). A-Z of Cars of the 1920s. Devon, UK: Bay View Books. ISBN 1-870979-53-2.
Brooks, Philip C. (2009).  Carpenter, Rhonda (ed.). "Sir Henry's Final Masterpiece Or How Glenn Ford Pushed a Button and Won the War". The International Club for Rolls-Royce & Bentley Owners Desk Diary 2009. Tampa, FL USA: Faircount: 34–41. Retrieved 31 March 2012.
Posthumus, Cyril (1977) [1977]. The Story of Veteran & Vintage Cars. John Wood, illustrator. Feltham, Middlesex, UK: Hamlyn. ISBN 0-600-39155-8.
Vance, Bill (12 March 2001). "Motoring Memories: Hispano-Suiza". Autos.ca. Orleans, Ontario, Canada: Canadian Driver Communications. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 17 October 2011. Rolls-Royce later adopted this system under licence from Hispano and used it for many years. {{cite web}}: External link in |work= (help)
Wood, Jonathan (2003) [1987]. The Rolls-Royce. Shire Album Series. Vol. 198 (2nd ed.). Princes Risborough, Buckinghamshire, UK: Shire Publications. ISBN 978-0-7478-0577-9. Retrieved 29 March 2012.
de Campi, John Webb (1 January 1975). Rolls-Royce in America. Motorbooks International. ISBN 978-0901564146.New Zealand political leader Don Brash assembled a "shadow cabinet" within the National Party caucus after his election to the position of Leader of the Opposition in 2003. He composed this of individuals who acted for the party as spokespeople in assigned roles while he was Leader of the Opposition (2003–2006).
As the National Party formed the largest party not in government at the time, the frontbench team was as a result the Official Opposition within the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Frontbench team
The list below contains a list of Brash's spokespeople and their respective roles as announced 26 October 2005. The first twenty-seven members are given rankings.

References

Who's Who in the New Zealand Parliament 2005. Wellington: Parliamentary Service. 2005.XEDKR-AM (700 AM, "Universal y La Octava") is a Spanish-language radio station in Guadalajara. It relays programming from XHRED-FM 88.1 in Mexico City. 700 kHz is a United States clear-channel frequency.

History
The first concession for 700 AM in Zapopan was awarded on October 17, 1953, for XEAR-AM and awarded to J. de Jesús Franco Gómez. By the 1960s, the station was transferred to Asociación Radiofónica, S.A., and sometime between 1969 and 1974, the callsign was changed to the present XEDKR-AM as a result of its acquisition by Radio Grupo DK (the Guadalajara arm of Radio Programas de México). It was known as Radio Ambiente in the early 1970s and by the late 1980s had become a direct repeater of Radio Red. It was transferred in 1991 to XEDKR-AM, S.A. de C.V., and sold along with the rest of RPM to Grupo Radio Centro in 1995.
On January 14, 2019, concurrent with a major reshuffling and the relaunch of XERC-FM Mexico City as talk station "Radio Centro 97.7", XEDKR and XESTN-AM Monterrey began simulcasting that station instead of Radio Red.
As part of the launch of Radio Centro's TV station, XHFAMX-TDT, on October 31, 2019, Universal moved to XERC-FM and all the talk programming moved back to XHRED, which took the same "La Octava", XEDKR and XESTN-AM Monterrey began simulcasting that station.

References
External links
XEDKR in the FCC AM station database
XEDKR on Radio-Locator
XEDKR in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseCosmoplatus peruvianus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1891.


Dorking Wanderers Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Dorking, Surrey, England. Affiliated to the Surrey County Football Association, they are currently members of the National League South, the sixth tier of English football, and play at Meadowbank.

History
The club was formed in 1999 and initially played in the Crawley & District League. After their first season in the Crawley League they switched to Division Four of the West Sussex League, winning the division at the first attempt. In 2001–02 the club finished as Division Three runners-up, earning a third consecutive promotion. After winning Division Two in 2003–04 they were promoted to Division One, and a third-place finish in Division One in 2005–06 saw them promoted to the Premier Division.In 2006–07 Wanderers won the West Sussex League's Premier Division, clinching the title with a victory on the last day of the season. As a result, the club were promoted to Division Three of the Sussex County League. They went on to win Division Three in 2010–11, earning promotion to Division Two. A third-place finish in Division Two the following season was enough to see them promoted to Division One. However, the league initially denied them entry to the division as their ground was not deemed to meet the necessary requirements. However the club appealed against this decision to the Football Association, who over-ruled the decision after an independent ground grading visit confirmed that the ground reached the mandatory standards for Division One football. Although the team initially struggled in Division One, finishing third-from-bottom in 2012–13, they finished second in 2014–15, earning promotion to Division One South of the Isthmian League.In Wanderers' first season in the Isthmian League they finished as runners-up in Division One South, qualifying for the promotion play-offs, going on to lose 2–1 to Faversham Town in the semi-finals. The following season saw them finish second again; in the play-offs they beat Hastings United on penalties in the semi-final after a 1–1 draw, and then won again on penalties against Corinthian-Casuals in the final following a 0–0 draw, earning promotion to the Premier Division. In 2018–19 the club won the Premier Division by a margin of 22 points, earning promotion to the National League South for their first time in history. Following the curtailment of the 2019–20 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they were placed seventh in the league table (decided on a points-per-game basis), qualifying for the promotion play-offs. After beating Bath City 2–1 in the quarter-finals, the club lost 3–2 to Weymouth in the semi-finals. The 2020–21 season was made null and void following a vote by member clubs of the national league, Dorking were sitting top of the league at the point the season was ended.

Reserve team
In 2015 the club's reserve team were promoted from the Suburban League to the Combined Counties League. However, they left the league at the end of the season as the club were set to groundshare with Dorking during the 2016–17 season. The reserve team rejoined the Combined Counties League at the start of the 2018–19 season.

Ground
The club initially played at Big Field Brockham, before moving to the Westhumble Playing Fields on London Road in 2007. The ground had a small seated stand and covered standing on one side of the pitch, with the remainder being uncovered; Floodlights were installed in 2012. In July 2018 the club relocated to a refurbished Meadowbank ground, which had previously been home to Dorking F.C. prior to their disbanding. Their first game at Meadowbank was a friendly match against Sutton United on 17 July 2018.Meadowbank had become the home ground of Dorking F.C. in 1953. A 200-seat stand was built on one side of the pitch around 1956, with a covered standing area built on the other. Another covered standing area was installed behind one goal, with the other end left open. However, they were forced to leave the ground in 2013 after it was shut down for failing to meet health and safety requirements. Prior to Dorking Wanderers moving to the ground, it was upgraded to include a 300-seat stand, two covered standing areas and an 3G pitch as it was converted to a community sports facility at a cost of £5m. The Surrey County Football Association also moved their headquarters to Meadowbank when it reopened.In February 2020 the club announced that planning permission had been granted to upgrade Meadowbank Stadium to a Grade B status. In July 2020, the stadium passed the Grade B status assessment. By September 2020 work had been completed on a new seated stand and a new covered terrace both at the east end of the ground, taking Meadowbank's official capacity to 3,000

Current squad
As of 25 May 2021.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

Honours
Isthmian League
Premier Division champions 2018–19
Southern Combination
Division Three champions 2010–11
West Sussex League
Premier Division champions 2006–07
Division Two North champions 2003–04
Division Four North champions 2000–01

Records
Best FA Cup performance: Fourth qualifying round, 2021–22
Best FA Trophy performance: Third round, 2019–20
Best FA Vase performance: Second qualifying round, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15
Record attendance: 2,898 vs Maidstone United, National League South, 26 February 2022

See also
Dorking Wanderers F.C. players

References
External links
Official website
MeadowbankThe Ballenas Island Light is an operational lighthouse built in 1900 but moved to its current location in 1912, located on West Ballenas Island, Canada. It is a white, octagonal concrete tower with a red lantern 27 metres (89 ft) in height. The lighthouse is not open to the public as it is located on a privately owned island.

Keepers
William Henry Brown (1901–11)
Wilhelm Betiat (1911)
T.C.L. Hayllar (1912)
Arthur Broughton Gurney (1912–16)
Mrs. A.B. Gurney (1917–19)
Arthur Broughton Gurney (1920–21)
Philip Gresely Cox (1921–22)
Joseph Edgar Pettingell (1923–24)
John Alfred Hunting (1924–30)
Ernest Charles Dawe (1930–35)
Alfred David Douglas (1935–37)
Arthur G. Waldern (1952–57)
Lance Hooper (early 1960s)
Peter Fletcher (1966–70)
Frederick Pratt (1970–89)
J. Keith Nuttall (1989–93)
Richard Wood (1994–96)

See also
List of lighthouses in British Columbia
List of lighthouses in Canada

References
External links
Aids to Navigation Canadian Coast GuardDowker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Clifford Hugh Dowker (1912–1982), Canadian mathematician
Fay Dowker (born 1965), British physicist
Felicity Dowker, Australian fantasy writer
Hasted Dowker (1900–1986), Canadian Anglican priest
Ray Dowker (1919–2004), New Zealand cricketer
Yael Dowker (1919–2016), Israeli-English mathematician

See also
Dowker Island, is an uninhabited island in Lake Saint Louis, a widening of the Saint Lawrence River south of Montreal Island, Quebec
Dowker notation, is mathematical notation
Dowker space, is mathematical field of general topology
The Haunting of Hewie Dowker, is an Australian filmHousing, Theory and Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of housing studies, social theory and social policy. The editor-in-chief is Hannu Ruonavaara (University of Turku) and it is published by Routledge. It was established in 1984 as Scandinavian Housing and Planning Research, obtaining its current name in 1999. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 2.317.

References
External links
Official websiteFatmir Gjeka (was born 17 April 1975) is an Albanian politician in Montenegro, Mayor of Ulcinj in Ulcinj Municipality and Chairman of Democratic Party.

Life and education
He was born on April 17, 1975, in Bar, Yugoslavia. He is married and has two children. He completed his higher studies in business administration at the Faculty of Economics of University "Luigj Gurakuqi" in Shkodër in 1997. During the period 2005-2007 he attended postgraduate studies in the field of entrepreneurial economics at the Faculty Economics of the University of Montenegro.

Political activity
In the period 2002–2011 he acted as the secretary of the Secretariat for Budget and Finance of Ulcinj Municipality. He has been a member of the commission for financing local government and chairman of this commission for one term. In November 2011 he was elected director of the Municipal Public Enterprise of Ulcinj. In the Constituent Assembly of the Democratic Party, held on December 24, 2011, he was elected chairman of this party. As a representative of the Albanian Coalition (Democratic Party, Albanian Alternative and Democratic League in Montenegro) he was elected Member of the Parliament of Montenegro, in the parliamentary elections held on October 14, 2012. As an MP, he has been the chairman of the Parliamentary Club of Albanian Parties, the Croatian Civic Initiative and the Liberal Party of Montenegro. Fatmir Gjeka was elected Mayor of Ulcinj on February 24, 2014, as a candidate of the Coalition "Together for the Future of Ulcinj", FORCA and Positive Montenegro and served in this position until March 21, 2016. On June 27, 2018, he was elected as the president of the tourist organization of Ulcinj, a task which he continues to exercise.

See also
List of mayors of Ulcinj


This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Kentucky.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Kentucky, United States.  The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.There are 56 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, of which 3 are National Historic Landmarks.
          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted March 4, 2022.

Current listings
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kentucky


Giuseppe Baldacci (April 3, 1856 – ?) was an Italian architect.
He was born in Florence and studied at the Florentine Istituto Tecnico and the Accademia di Belle Arti. He then joined the architects Castellazzi and Cesare Spighi in designing the reliefs for the church of Santa Trinita. He built a small villino in via Masaccio, Florence for Odoardo Salvestri, and restored the stables for Doctor Folli in Borgo San Jacopo. In 1887 he won a thousand lire prize for designing sheds and stables for a park in a Renaissance style.


Baron Nagayo Sensai (長与 専斎, October 16, 1838 – September 8, 1902) was a medical doctor, educator and statesman in Meiji period Japan.

Biography
Nagayo was born to a family of traditional physicians in Ōmura Domain, Hizen Province (present day Ōmura Nagasaki Prefecture). After studies at the Gokōkan domain academy he studied rangaku under Ogata Kōan in Osaka, and returned to Ōmura afterwards to accept an official position with the domain and rank of samurai.
With the establishment of the Nagasaki Naval Training Center and Dutch military advisors in Nagasaki in 1860, Nagayo assisted Matsumoto Jun and Dutch physician J. L. C. Pompe van Meerdervoort in establishing a medical training college which combined eastern and western medical practices. Nagayo continued to work with Pompe van Meerdervoot’s successor’s, Antonio Bauduin and Constant George van Mansveldt through 1868. The medical training college and its associated hospital is now part of Nagasaki University.
After the Meiji Restoration, in 1871 Nagayo was selected to accompany the Iwakura Mission on its around-the-world journey to the United States and Europe. He was especially impressed from what he saw of modern medical practices in Germany and the Netherlands during his visit. On his return to Japan in 1873, he established the modern Japanese medical establishment with the creation the Medical Affairs Bureau (the predecessor of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ), initially under the Ministry of Education, and later under the Home Ministry. He also promulgated the Vaccination Law, the comprehensive Medical Law, and established to Tokyo Igakkō, which later became the medical facility of Tokyo Imperial University.

After his retirement from medicine in 1891, Nagayo served on the Genrōin and became an appointed member House of Peers in the Diet of Japan. He was ennobled with the rank of danshaku (baron) in the kazoku peerage system.
Nagayo also established a hospital for tuberculosis patients in Yuigahama, Kamakura, and publicized the benefits of Kamakura as a health resort for its clean sea air. He died in 1902, and his grave is at the Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo.

References and further reading
Ban, Tadayasu. Tekijuku to Nagayo Sensai: Eiseigaku to Shoko shishi. Sogensha 1987. ISBN 4-422-21009-2 (Japanese)
Hardacre, Helen. New directions in the study of Meiji Japan. Brill. ISBN 9004107355
Rogaski, Ruth. Hygienic Modernity: Meanings of Health and Disease in Treaty-Port China. University of California Press. (2004). ISBN 0520930606

External links
Bio at Japan National Diet LibraryThe 2018 Tel Aviv mayoral election was held on 30 October 2018 to elect the mayor of Tel Aviv. It saw the reelection of Ron Huldai to a fifth consecutive term.The election was part of the 2018 Israeli municipal elections.

Candidates
Ran
Natan Elnatan (Shas), deputy mayor
Assaf Harel (We Are the City), comedian
Ron Huldai (One Tel Aviv), incumbent mayor since 1998
Asaf Zamir (City Majority), deputy mayor and founder and chairman of "City Majority"

Declined
Ofir Akunis, member of the Knesset
Tzipi Livni, Knesset leader of the opposition, leader of Hatnua, former leader of Kadima
Stav Shaffir, member of the Knesset
Noam Tavon

Campaigning
A popular four-term incumbent, Ron Huldai had never before faced a serious reelection challenge.Lacking name recognition when he announced his candidacy, Asaf Zamir's prospects were initially considered a longshot. However, in the months after launching his campaign, Zamir saw his support rise. Before the election results came in, it was anticipated that he would at least force Huldai into a runoff election. As of July, a poll by Walla News showed Zamir in third place with only 11% of the vote, behind Huldai and prospective candidate Stav Shaffir. However, after Shaffir's made clear she would not be a candidate in the election, Zamir gradually climbed in support, posing a credible challenge to Huldai. Some polling shortly before the election showed Huldai with only a single-digit lead over Zamir.Attacks on Zamir included accusations of crony capitalism related to his marriage to Maya Wertheimer, which made his grandfather-in-law billionaire Stef Wertheimer. Stef Wertheimer personally funded part of Zamir's reelection campaign.Huldai and Zamir shared many similar political concerns, both advocating for lowering the price of housing, improvements to public transportation, and increasing the livability of the city.Zamir promised to address housing needs by building the city vertically, adding high-rise apartments along busier roadways that can accommodate such buildings. He also proposed expanding the city center by renovating more distant neighborhoods in order to enable people to live further from the city's geographic core, without feeling removed from the city.

Polling
Results
The results in Tel Aviv, with 203,018 voters participating of 440,205 eligible, are as follows. Of the 203,018 votes, 194,451 were valid (marking 44.17% turnout).
Since Huldai's share of the vote exceeded the 40% threshold required to avert a runoff election, no runoff was held.Huldai was seen as managing to both retain his strong support among the city's younger electorate, as well as retain a base of fervent supporters among a minority of the city's older residents.


WQMP is a radio station licensed to Daytona Beach serving the Orlando and Space Coast areas of Central Florida. Owned by Audacy, Inc., it broadcasts an alternative rock format branded as "FM 101.9". Its studios are located in Maitland and the transmitter is in Orange City.

History
Early years
101.9 began as WMFJ-FM on November 1, 1967. Sister to AM 1450 in Daytona Beach, WMFJ-FM was an automated beautiful music station known as Stereo 102.  The station's calls were changed to WQXQ in 1973, and the format became automated Album Oriented Rock as Q102. Despite the rock format's success, management felt that a top 40 hit station would have more mass appeal, and so Q102 changed from rock to Top 40 in 1976; initially the station remained automated, but by the end of the 1970s it employed a staff of live and local announcers. The station changed its calls to WDOQ in 1980, but the format remained top 40, the moniker remained Q102, and the ratings remained high. Due to new competition in the Daytona market from WNFI in 1982, Q102 began to more aggressively target the Orlando market as opposed to only Daytona Beach. Although plans for a big 100,000-watt signal that would have extended to St. Augustine, Gainesville and Ocala were scrapped, WDOQ's listenership continued to grow.In 1984, WDOQ was sold and adopted the new calls WCFI, with a satellite-fed adult contemporary format from Transtar (now Dial Global), using the I-4 (a tribute to Miami's WINZ-FM) and later Sunny 102 monikers. In 1985, the station was purchased by Duffy Broadcasting for $7.7 million. On June 16, 1986, the format and calls changed again to WORZ, Z-102FM, a classic rock station. In 1987, it was sold to Beasley-Reed Broadcasting for $9.2 million.

102 Jamz
On April 1, 1988, the call letters were changed to WJHM, and the station adopted a CHR/Urban format targeting a multicultural audience as 102 Jamz under the direction of Program Director Duff Lindsey and consultant Jerry Clifton. The station was an immediate success with listeners and within two years, ascended to the top of the 12+ Arbitron Ratings. Some of the DJs included Joe Nasty doing mornings, Magic Scott (now Cadillac Jack in Philadelphia) doing afternoons, and Cedric Hollywood as mid-day jock (also Music Director). WJHM was purchased by Chancellor Media in 1997.  In late 1998, longtime music director Cedric Hollywood, who had been with the station since its inception in 1988, left "102 Jamz" to go to WEDR in Miami. Soon after, it started adding urban based songs to its playlist. Although the station was labeled as "Rhythmic", WJHM remained an Urban station at its core, but would later drop rhythmic-based songs when it got competition when WCFB acquired an urban AC format, resulting in WJHM shifting to urban altogether.
The late 1990s brought a time of mergers with Chancellor merging with Evergreen and forming AMFM, Inc., who hold ownership of WJHM until it merged with Clear Channel in 2000. To comply with FCC ownership rules, Clear Channel sold WJHM to Infinity Broadcasting (later CBS Radio) in 2001. It briefly reverted to rhythmic by 2005 to go up against WPYO, although this was unsuccessful due to WCFB (WPYO's sister station) having almost no competitor during the rhythmic experiment. WJHM shortly reverted to urban to challenge WCFB. Given WJHM's Urban heritage status in Orlando, it was in competition with both WCFB and WPYO (both owned by Cox Radio). Although it was one of the top ranking radio stations in the market, WJHM suffered the rare setback of ranking behind WPYO in the Arbitron ratings, rare to have an Urban format rank behind a Rhythmic.

In the fall of 2011, WJHM began adding Rhythmic product again. Despite its continued urban contemporary tenure per Nielsen BDS reports rather than being a rhythmic, it continued on Mediabase's rhythmic panel during this tenure. Since the shift back to Rhythmic, WJHM added more pop tracks, such as You Make Me Feel... by Cobra Starship & Moves Like Jagger by Maroon 5. This move was due to WJHM looking at challenging WXXL, the market's only Top 40/CHR and former sister station. However, Cox-owned WPYO, whose Rhythmic direction slightly favored hip hop but whose playlist was almost identical to WJHM, continued to surpass WJHM in the ratings.  In late January 2012, WJHM made more changes by dropping Rickey Smiley's syndicated morning show in favor of a more music-intensive morning block, terminated 18-year air-staffer Jay Love from the roster, and began transitioning to a rhythmic top 40 direction altogether, as their playlist began including artists like Jessie J, Avicii, Kelly Clarkson, fun., The Wanted, and Adele. It also dropped their longtime slogan "Non-Stop Hip-Hop and R&B", replacing it with "102 Minutes of Commercial-Free Music". The non-urban content that WJHM plays also receives airplay at both WXXL and adult top 40 WOMX, WJHM's sister station. By February 22, 2012, the station completed the shift to Rhythmic Top 40, joining the market's existing rhythmic WPYO as Nielsen BDS moved it to the Top40/Rhythmic panel citing a low emphasis on urban contemporary tracks and since making the transition adding more Pop tracks. Along with these changes, it dropped the Sunday morning gospel programming syndicated from WVEE, although WJHM's HD2 subchannel broadcasts a Gospel format full-time.
Between 2000 and early 2012, WJHM was one of CBS Radio's only young demographic-targeting Urban stations along with Atlanta's WVEE-FM and Charlotte's WPEG, although all of them are in the southern United States. Its sister station WPGC-FM in Washington, D.C.–Baltimore, Maryland was an urban contemporary reporter per Nielsen BDS and CBS Radio from 1997 to 2012, while they reported to the rhythmic contemporary panel at Mediabase, due to being a hybrid of both formats (also known as "Churban"), despite Radio One having WKYS and WERQ-FM directly competing in the area. WPGC returned to the BDS Rhythmic reporting panel in June 2012.

101.9 AMP Radio
On February 11, 2014, in the early morning hours, 101.9 dropped the "Jamz" branding after 26 years and began stunting with a loop of the song "Get Lucky" by Daft Punk featuring Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers. At 10:19 that morning, WJHM rebranded as 101.9 AMP Radio and shifted to top 40/CHR altogether, putting it in line with CBS Radio's "AMP Radio" branding, which favors rhythmic pop and dance hits. The first song on "AMP Radio" was "Timber" by Pitbull featuring Kesha. Despite the rebranding, WJHM continued to lag in Arbitron ratings behind CHR competitor WXXL and its previous competitor, rhythmic CHR station WPYO.On January 20, 2016, WJHM changed its call letters to WQMP to match the "AMP Radio" branding.
On February 2, 2017, CBS Radio announced it would merge with Entercom. The merger was approved on November 9, 2017, and was consummated on the 17th.

Alt 101.9/FM 101.9
On November 29, 2017, at 3 p.m., after playing “End Game” by Taylor Swift featuring Ed Sheeran and Future, WQMP flipped to alternative rock as Alt 101.9—joining several other former "AMP Radio"-branded stations in switching to the format and brand after the completion of the Entercom merger. The change brought the format back to a full-market signal in Orlando for the first time since 2008, when sister station WOCL flipped to classic hits. The most recent analog broadcast station to air the format full-time, Cox Media's W297BB/WCFB-HD2, was aired on a translator and an HD sub-channel, and aired from June 2014 to January 2016. Elsewhere in the Orlando market, iHeartMedia's talk-formatted WTKS-FM features alternative on nights and weekends, and is also aired on two HD subchannels in the Orlando market, WOCL HD2 and WJRR HD3, the latter of which also uses the brand Alt as standardized by iHeartMedia; this name conflict resulted in WQMP quietly changing its on-air brand to FM 101.9 on December 4 that year. WQMP's flip to alternative made former sister station WXXL the de facto CHR station in Orlando, until WPYO flipped to CHR from an urban-leaning rhythmic contemporary format in April 2018.

HD Radio subchannels
WQMP-HD2
WQMP activated its HD2 subchannel at the same time it started its HD radio operations at some point in the mid-2000s, which originally carried an urban gospel format, branded as "102 Gospel Jamz", from the 2000s until 2018. In August 2019, WQMP-HD2 was supposed to flip to "Channel Q", an LGBTQ-oriented talk/dance music format based in Los Angeles. Since the HD2 stream did not appear on the station, it was placed on the HD2 subchannel of sister station WOMX-FM in early November 2019. The HD2 stream then reappeared later in 2020 carrying an alternative format featuring new releases, known as "Orlando’s New Arrivals". On February 23, 2022, WQMP-HD2 flipped to The Bet.

WQMP-HD3
As of July 2019, WQMP-HD3 was carrying a Haitian format from an unknown source. The HD2 and HD3 subchannels were removed around early 2020. In late 2020, the HD3 subchannel reappeared and became the new home for "Channel Q" in Orlando after being dropped by WOMX-FM’s HD2 subchannel at some point in early-to-mid 2020. In January 2022, “Channel Q” returned to WOMX-FM, which led to the HD3 subchannel becoming a secondary feed for Audacy’s New Arrivals.

References
External links
Official website

WQMP in the FCC FM station database
WQMP on Radio-Locator
WQMP in Nielsen Audio's FM station databaseThe ATE Vulture is a South African unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed and built by Advanced Technologies and Engineering (now Paramount Advanced Technologies, a division of the Paramount Group). It is powered by a 500 cc 2-stroke fuel injected engine.  Its payload is a gyro stabilised optronic sight communicating on a secure C-Band data/video link. Its cruise speed is 120 km/h and its flight duration allows a loiter time of about 4 hours at 60 km from the launch site with a maximum ceiling of 5,000 m. It is fully automated in launch, flight and recovery, with an automatic return-to-base in case of mission critical failures. An automated vacuum type catapult launcher is mounted on a Samil 100 truck. No external pilot is required, and the transition from launch mode into pre-programmed flight mode is automatic. It is used by the South African Army artillery for target acquisition and fire control.

Notes
External links
Manufacturers websitePresidents Park was a ten-acre sculpture park and associated indoor museum formerly located in Williamsburg, Virginia in the United States.  It contained 18-to-20-foot (5.5 to 6.1 m) high busts of the presidents of the United States from George Washington to George W. Bush.The statues were sculpted by Houston artist David Adickes, who was inspired as he drove past Mount Rushmore when returning from a trip to Canada. The park was opened in March 2004 by local visitor attraction entrepreneur Everette H."Haley" Newman III, who had been slowly taking delivery of the busts since 2000.

The park had financial troubles and was closed on September 30, 2010. Creditors put the park up for auction (not including the busts) on September 28, 2012, after a foreclosure auction originally scheduled for April 26, 2012 was cancelled without explanation.  By January 10, 2013, the busts had been moved to private storage at a nearby local farm in Croaker, Virginia by Howard Hankins.  In 2017, National Geographic showcased a video in which Mr Hankins' expresses a hope to rehabilitate the statues for a park in the future.

Similar park near Deadwood, South Dakota
Artist David Adickes sculpted a second set of Presidential busts. They were placed on display at a similar outdoor park museum setting in  Lead near Deadwood, South Dakota which was operated by the artist himself, until it too closed after financial difficulties.
Some of the South Dakota busts could still be seen in 2015 at various RV parks and hotels around the Dakotas.

The busts of Presidents John F. Kennedy, Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush are located near Mount Rushmore at the Southern Hills RV Park and Campground in Hermosa, South Dakota.
President Abraham Lincoln's bust graces the Lincoln RV Park on U.S. 85 south of Williston, North Dakota.
President Theodore Roosevelt's bust is stationed at the Roosevelt Inn in Watford City, North Dakota.


== Sources ==Patrik César dos Santos Duzi, known as Pety or simply Patrik (born 12 March 1988 in Franca, São Paulo), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.

Honours
Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior: 2007

External links
Patrik at SoccerwayThe 1956 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1956, to elect the governor of Texas. Incumbent Democratic Governor Allan Shivers did not run for a fourth term. Senator Price Daniel won the election with over 78% of the vote.

Primaries
Democratic
Results


Plutonium-244 (244Pu) is an isotope of plutonium that has a half-life of 80 million years. This is longer than any of the other isotopes of plutonium and longer than any other actinide isotope except for the three naturally abundant ones: uranium-235 (704 million years), uranium-238 (4.468 billion years), and thorium-232 (14.05 billion years). Although studies are in conflict, given the mathematics of the decay of plutonium-244, an exceedingly small amount should still be present in the Earth's composition, making plutonium a likely although unproven candidate as the shortest lived primordial element.
Accurate measurements, beginning in the early 1970s, have detected primordial plutonium-244, making it the shortest-lived primordial nuclide. The amount of 244Pu in the pre-Solar nebula (4.57×109 years ago) was estimated as 0.8% the amount of 238U. As the age of the Earth is about 57 half-lives of 244Pu, the amount of plutonium-244 left should be very small; Hoffman et al. estimated its content in the rare-earth mineral bastnasite as c244 = 1.0×10−18 g/g, which corresponded to the content in the Earth crust as low as 3×10−25 g/g (i.e. the total mass of plutonium-244 in Earth's crust is about 9 g). Since plutonium-244 cannot be easily produced by natural neutron capture in the low neutron activity environment of uranium ores (see below), its presence cannot plausibly be explained by any other means than creation by r-process nucleosynthesis in supernovas. Plutonium-244 thus should be the second shortest-lived (after samarium-146) and the heaviest primordial isotope yet detected or theoretically predicted.
Trace amounts of 244Pu (that arrived on Earth within the last 10 million years) were found in rock from the Pacific ocean by a Japanese oil exploration company.The detection of primordial 244Pu in 1971 is not confirmed by recent, more sensitive measurements using the method of accelerator mass spectrometry. In this study, no traces of plutonium-244 in the samples of bastnasite (taken from the same mine as in the early study) were observed, so only an upper limit on the 244Pu content was obtained: c244 < 0.15×10−18 g/g, which is 370 (or less) atoms per gram of the sample, at least 7 times lower than the abundance measured by Hoffman et al.
Live interstellar plutonium-244 has been detected in meteorite dust in marine sediments, although the levels detected are much lower than would be expected from current modelling of the in-fall from the interstellar medium.  It is important to recall, however, that in order to be a primordial nuclide – one constituting the amalgam orbiting the Sun that ultimately coalesced into the Earth – that plutonium-244 must have comprised some of the solar nebula, rather than having been replenished by extrasolar meteoritic dust.  The presence of plutonium-244 in meteoritic composition without evidence the meteor originated from the formational disc of the Solar System supports the hypothesis that 244Pu was abundant enough to have been a part of that disc, if an extrasolar meteor contained it in some other gravitationally supported system, but such a meteor cannot prove the hypothesis. Only the unlikely discovery of live 244Pu within the Earth's composition could do that.  
Unlike plutonium-238, plutonium-239, plutonium-240, plutonium-241, and plutonium-242, plutonium-244 is not produced in quantity by the nuclear fuel cycle, because further neutron capture on plutonium-242 produces plutonium-243 which has a short half-life (5 hours) and quickly beta decays to americium-243 before having much opportunity to further capture neutrons in any but very high neutron flux environments. In theory, a nuclear weapon explosion can produce some plutonium-244 by rapid successive neutron capture, which might be assigned to nuclear fallout of such a weapon. To date, however, no such transmutation of plutonium or uranium has been found in sufficient quantity to be identified, especially given surface- or atmospheric-level testing of nuclear ordnance was eschewed by the only two world powers to hitherto have the capability to execute such tests, by mutual treaty in the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty of 1963.


Angus Gardner (born 24 August 1984) is an Australian rugby union  professional referee who was appointed to the Super Rugby referees panel in 2012. His first match in Super Rugby was between the Queensland Reds and Melbourne Rebels at Suncorp Stadium in March of that year.Gardner took up refereeing in 1999 at the age of fifteen, and became a full-time referee in 2015. He was appointed to his first test match in November 2011, which was an Oceania Cup match between Papua New Guinea and Vanuatu in Port Morseby.Gardner was appointed to the IRB Junior World Championship in 2012 and 2014, and took charge of the semi-final between England and Ireland in 2014.In 2015, Gardner was selected as an assistant referee at the 2015 Rugby World Cup.He refereed the 2018 Super Rugby Final between the Crusaders and the Lions in Christchurch.In 2019, Gardner was selected to referee at the 2019 Rugby World Cup.

Honours
During the 2018 World Rugby Awards, Angus Gardner received the "World Rugby Referee of the Year" award.


The British Nationality (Hong Kong) Selection Scheme, usually known in Hong Kong as simply the British Nationality Selection Scheme (BNSS), was a process whereby the Governor of Hong Kong invited certain classes of people, who were permanent residents of Hong Kong with the right of abode, and who were also considered British nationals under the British Nationality Act 1981, but were not British citizens (with the right of abode in the United Kingdom), to apply to be considered and then be selected to become registered as British citizens under the British Nationality (Hong Kong) Act 1990.
The scheme allowed at least 50,000 persons, and their spouses and children, to become British citizens by means of registration under the 1990 Act.
British nationals who were permanent residents of Hong Kong with the right of abode, who also met certain eligibility criteria, could apply to be selected to become registered as British citizens, under Section 1(1) of the 1990 Act, during two three-month periods: 

1 December 1990 to 28 February 1991
3 January 1994 to 31 March 1994The Governor and the Government of Hong Kong retained the power to invite, accept, process and approve applications after 31 March 1994. However, no person could be registered by the British Home Secretary as a British citizen under that Section of the 1990 Act after 30 June 1997.
Spouses and children of those who were granted British citizenship under Section 1(1) could apply for registration under Section 1(4) of the Act. All applications from spouses and children for registration under S. 1(4) were required to be made on or before 31 December 1996.

Eligibility criteria
To be considered for registration as a British citizen under s. 1(1), a person was required to be settled in Hong Kong and to be one of the following:

A British Dependent Territories Citizen (BDTC) by virtue of a connection with Hong Kong, or an applicant for registration or naturalisation;
A British National (Overseas) (BN(O)), British Overseas Citizen (BOC), British Subject (BS), or British Protected Person (BPP)There were four classes of eligible s. 1(1) applicants:

General Occupational Class (GOC), for managers and professionals.
Entrepreneurs Class (EC), for businessmen and women.
Disciplined Services Class (DSC), for Hong Kong civil servants in the police, fire, immigration, customs, and correctional services.
Sensitive Service Class (SSC), for those in public or private sector roles with particular vulnerabilities on account of their positions.Selection of persons in the GOC and DSC classes was primarily based on a "points system".
Applicants who, in addition to British nationality, held, claimed or possessed, voluntarily or involuntarily, nationality or citizenship of another country, other than (and excluding) the nationality of the People's Republic of China (PRC), were penalised in the points test, although it was not a bar to acceptance, selection and registration.
Spouses and children of family heads who registered under s. 1(1) were eligible for registration under s. 1(4) regardless of their nationality. However, a spouse who married the family head after that person was registered under s. 1(1) was required to be settled in Hong Kong on the date of the marriage to be eligible for registration under s. 1(4).

Nationality status
Under subsection 2(2) of the British Nationality (Hong Kong) Act 1990, a BDTC who was successfully registered as a British citizen under BNSS automatically ceased to be a BDTC.While the Act did not specify the loss of applicant's British National (Overseas) status, subsection 4(3) of the Hong Kong (British Nationality) Order 1986 specified that BN(O) status would be lost when the applicant ceased to be a BDTC. Hence, those who were registered as British citizens under the BNSS would only hold one class of British nationality.
Under Chinese nationality law and the respective explanations made by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, the British Citizenship acquired by Chinese nationals in Hong Kong through BNSS are not recognised. They are not entitled to British consular protection in Hong Kong and other parts of the People’s Republic of China.

See also
British nationality law
British nationality law and Hong Kong
History of British nationality law

References
External links
British Nationality (Hong Kong) Act 1990
British Nationality (Selection Scheme) Order 1990Masad (Hebrew: מַסָּד, lit. foundation) is a community settlement in northern Israel. Located to the west of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lower Galilee Regional Council. In 2019 it had a population of 347.

History
The village was founded as Har Kotz in 1983 and later named after a bible verse, dealing with the building of Salomon's palace: "All these structures ... from foundation to eaves werde made of high-grade-stone." (1 Kings 7:9)Plans to build a quarry on Mount Kotz were rejected by the National Planning and Construction Council in 2008 after protests staged by the residents of Masad and the nearby Arab village of Eilabun.

Nature reserve
Masad is surrounded by the Har Kotz Nature Reserve. Among the trees found there are  carob, mastic, Valonia oak, Christ's Thorn, Palestine oak, and Jerusalem thorn. The nature reserve derives its name from Mount Qotz (292 m), named for a priestly family that migrated to the Galilee from Jerusalem after the destruction of the Second Temple.

See also
Nature reserves in Israel

References
External links
Village website (in Hebrew)Colonel Cornelius Cole Smith (April 7, 1869 – January 10, 1936) was an American officer in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Sioux Wars. On January 1, 1891, he and four other cavalry troopers successfully defended a U.S. Army supply train from a force of 300 Sioux warriors at the White River in South Dakota, for which he received the Medal of Honor. He was the last man to receive the award in battle against the Sioux, and in a major Indian war.
In his later career, Smith served as an officer during the Spanish–American War and the subsequent Philippine Insurrection under Generals Leonard Wood and John J. Pershing. In 1910, he was appointed by Pershing as commander of the Philippine Constabulary and served at Fort Huachuca as commanding officer of Troop G, 5th U.S. Cavalry from 1912 to 1914. It was in this capacity that he accepted the surrender of Colonel Emilio Kosterlitzky, commander of Mexican federal forces at Sonora, on March 13, 1913. In 1918, he was appointed commander of Huachuca and the 10th U.S. Cavalry. Prior to his retirement, he also oversaw the construction of Camp Owen Beirne, adjacent to Fort Bliss, which served as the model for similar camps built following the end of World War I.
Smith's son, Cornelius Cole Smith, Jr., who also served as a colonel in the Philippines during World War II, was a successful author, historian and illustrator who wrote several books on the Southwestern United States including his biography entitled "Don't Settle for Second: Life and Times of Cornelius C. Smith" (1977).

Biography
Early life
Cornelius Cole Smith was born on April 7, 1869, in the frontier town of Tucson in the Arizona Territory. his father, Gilbert Cole Smith, was a member of a distinguished military family dating back to the Revolutionary War. He had served as officer in the Union Army's famed California Column during the American Civil War and later became quartermaster at Fort Lowell in Tucson.
He was also related to brothers William and Granville H. Oury. His family lived at several outposts in the Arizona and New Mexico Territories, wherever his father happened to be stationed.  In December 1882, they finally settled at Vancouver Barracks in the Washington Territory. Smith was then sent back east to Louisiana, Missouri, and in 1884 to Baltimore, Maryland. In 1888, Smith moved to Helena, Montana and joined the Montana National Guard on May 22, 1889.On April 9, 1890, at age 21, Smith enlisted in the United States Army in Helena  and was immediately sent out with 6th U.S. Cavalry Regiment for frontier duty in the Dakota Territory.

Battle at White River, 1891
Within a year, Smith reached the rank of corporal and saw his first action during the Pine Ridge Campaign. On January 1, 1891, two days after the Battle at Wounded Knee Creek, he accompanied a fifty-three man escort of a U.S. Army supply train to the regiment's camp at the battle site. While preparing to cross the White River, partially ice-covered during the winter, the supply train was suddenly attacked by a group of approximately 300 Sioux braves. In an attempt to save the wagon train, he and Sergeant Frederick Myers chose advanced positions from a knoll 300 yards from the river and held back the initial Sioux assault with four other troopers successfully defended their position against repeated enemy attacks. After they had withdrawn, Smith and the others chased after the war party for a considerable distance before breaking off their pursuit.Smith's actions at White River prevented the Sioux from capturing the supply wagons. He was cited for distinguished bravery in the face of a numerically superior enemy force and received the Medal of Honor on February 4, 1891.

Service in Cuba and the Philippines, 1892–1912
The following year, on November 19, 1892, Smith was made a commissioned officer as a second lieutenant with the 2nd U.S. Cavalry.
In 1898, he fought in Cuba during the Spanish–American War and in the Philippines during the Filipino and Moro Rebellions under Generals Leonard Wood and John J. Pershing respectively.
From 1903 to 1906, he served as captain with the 14th U.S. Cavalry, in Mindanao under General Wood, during which time he helped publish A Grammar of the Maguindanao Tongue According to the Manner of Speaking It in the Interior and on the South Coast of the Island of Mindanao (1906) with Spanish Jesuit Rev. Father Jacinto Juanmart.
In 1908, he accepted a two-year position as superintendent of California's Sequoia National Park and Grant National Parks. In 1910, he returned to the Philippine Islands for 2 years  as commander of the Philippine Constabulary under General Pershing.

Fort Huachuca and World War I, 1912–1920
After a nine-year tour of duty in the Philippines, Smith was brought back to the U.S. in 1912 and in fall transferred to the 4th U.S. Cavalry Regiment at Fort Huachuca in his home state of Arizona. From December 1912 to December 1914 he was reassigned to the 5th U.S. Cavalry as commanding officer of its Troop G at Huachuca, when the 4th U.S. Cavalry was sent for rotation to Hawaii. On March 13, 1913, he formally accepted the surrender of Colonel Emilio Kosterlitzky, commander of Mexican federal forces of Sonora and his 209 followers in Nogales, Arizona after General Álvaro Obregón had defeated him days earlier. The surrender was conducted in a formal ceremony, with Kosterlitzky presenting Smith his sword. The two officers later became lifelong friends.During 1915, Smith was a military attaché in Bogota and Caracas, and rose through the ranks from major to colonel of cavalry within the next two years. He trained several regiments during World War I, but was denied further promotion and a field command in Europe due to the feud between General Pershing, then commander-in-chief of the American Expeditionary Forces on the Western Front (World War I), and Army Chief-of-Staff Peyton March. In 1918, he returned to Fort Huachuca where he assumed command of the post and the 10th U.S. Cavalry Regiment. His last assignment was at Fort Bliss where he had Camp Owen Beirne built, the model for similar bases constructed for servicemen following World War I. He retired in 1920 at the rank of colonel.

Retirement and later years 1920–36
Smith taught military science and tactics at the University of Arizona after leaving the U.S. Army and was later hired as a technical advisor for war films in Hollywood. In 1928, he became a member of the American Electoral Committee which oversaw the presidential elections in Nicaragua. That same year, he was also a contributing editor for Alice Baldwin's biography on her late husband Major General Frank Baldwin, Memoirs of the late Frank D. Baldwin, Major General, U.S.A., in which Smith related his experiences with Baldwin during the Spanish–American War. He went on to become a prolific author of articles relating to the American frontier in the Southwestern United States.Smith died in Riverside, California on January 10, 1936, at the age of 66. He is buried at Evergreen Memorial Park and Mausoleum, along with 1,000 other veterans.

Personal life
Smith was married; His son Cornelius Cole Smith Jr. was born 1913 at Fort Huachuca.

Grave site restoration
In November 2003, a special ceremony was held at Smith's grave site to display a new 18-foot-tall flagpole and stone bench nearby. Smith's son, Cornelius Cole Smith, Jr., was in attendance. Initially started by 16-year-old Michael Emett for an Eagle Scout project, this was the first of a planned restoration campaign for the graves of Riverside's military veterans and town founders. The story was covered by The Press-Enterprise and encouraged community leaders to raise money for an endowment to provide for the upkeep of older rundown areas of the cemetery that are not watered or maintained. A few years before, the California Department of Consumer Affairs ordered that sprinklers in the historic section be shut off because it lacked an endowment to pay for the water.

Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization: Corporal, Company K, 6th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: Near White River, S. Dak., 1 January 1891. Entered service at: Helena, Mont. Birth: Tucson, Ariz. Date of issue: 4 February 1891.
Citation:

With 4 men of his troop drove off a superior force of the enemy and held his position against their repeated efforts to recapture it, and subsequently pursued them a great distance.

Bibliography
Books
A Grammar of the Maguindanao Tongue According to the Manner of Speaking It in the Interior and on the South Coast of the Island of Mindanao (1906, contributing editor with Jacinto Juanmart)
Memoirs of the late Frank D. Baldwin, Major General, U.S.A. (1928, contributing editor with Alice B. Baldwin)

Articles
Old Military Forts of the Southwest (1930)
Some Unpublished History of the Southwest (1931)

See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Indian Wars

References
Further reading
Smith, Jr., Cornelius C. Don't Settle for Second: Life and Times of Cornelius C. Smith. San Rafael, California: Presidio Press, 1977. ISBN 0-89141-007-4
Wilson, D. Ray. Terror on the Plains: A Clash of Cultures. Dundee, Illinois: Crossroads Communications, 1999. ISBN 0-916445-47-X

External links
John "J-Cat" Griffith. "Cornelius Cole Smith". Indian Wars Medal of Honor Recipient. Find a Grave.
Indian War Campaigns Medal of Honor Recipients for the United States Army at Army Knowledge OnlineAnaplasmosis is a tick-borne disease affecting ruminants, dogs, and horses, and is caused by Anaplasma bacteria. Anaplasmosis is an infectious but not contagious disease. Anaplasmosis can be transmitted through mechanical and biological vector processes. Anaplasmosis can also be referred to as "yellow bag" or "yellow fever" because the infected animal can develop a jaundiced look. Other signs of infection include weight loss, diarrhea, paleness of the skin, aggressive behavior, and high fever.There are many different tick species that can carry the bacteria able to cause anaplasmosis, but the two major species include Anaplasma marginale and Anaplasma phagocytophilum. The microorganisms that carry a blood parasite under the Anaplasma genus and cause anaplasmosis are Gram-negative, and infect red blood cells. Once the host is infected with anaplasmosis, the immune system will try to fight off and kill the infected red blood cells, but will also kill healthy red blood cells.While there are no current live or inactivated vaccines effective for all strains of A. marginale approved by the USDA for anaplasmosis, there are other means of prevention. Tick and fly control for herds of ruminants can be effective but also labor intensive. Chemical methods can also be used, including sanitizing surgical equipment after each use. Tetracycline drugs are the most common treatment for anaplasmosis, and can provide the animal with immunity for a period of time. The disease is more common in the South and West parts of the United States, but is no longer considered a major problem since the use of tetracycline drugs.

Transmission
Mechanical and biological vector transmission work in different ways but both lead to infection of the red blood cells. Mechanical transmission happens in two ways, one when red blood cells are inoculated with the blood parasite through surgical equipment including needles, dehorners, ear taggers, castrating knives, and tattoo instruments. Another mechanical transmission mode is through the mouthparts of biting flies who carry an Anaplasma species of blood parasite.Biological vector transmission is through ticks that carry a blood parasite able to cause anaplasmosis. The most common Anaplasmosis-causing tick is Ixodes scapularis, also known as the black-legged tick or the deer tick. Ticks who contain species of many different Anaplasma species can transmit this disease through a bite. The blood parasite survives and can multiply in the tick, and can sit dormant for months without being transmitted to an animal. When bitten by a tick carrying a blood parasite, the blood parasite can then enter the new host and cause infection.Once infected with a species of Anaplasma, the parasite multiplies in the blood stream and attaches to red blood cells. The immune system will attempt to kill the infected blood cells but will also kill uninfected red blood cells in the process. The number of red blood cells being destroyed becomes larger than new red blood cells being made, causing the host to become anemic and leading to many other symptoms. Once infected with anaplasmosis, the cattle will always be a carrier of the infectious disease, and calves born from carriers will also carry the disease.

Signs and symptoms
Classic signs and symptoms of anaplasmosis will not occur until 3-6 weeks after infection. The most common symptoms of anaplasmosis include fever, a decreased number of white blood cells, platelets in the bloodstream, and abnormally elevated levels of liver enzymes. The erythema chronicum migrans rash may be seen with anaplasmosis as it is co-transmitted in 10% of Lyme disease cases.
Anemia may be severe and result in cardiovascular changes such as an increase in heart rate. Blood in the urine may occur due to the lysis of red blood cells. General systemic signs include diarrhea, anorexia, and weight loss. Infected animals may develop a jaundiced look which then turns into paleness around the eyes, muzzle, lips, and teats of the cattle.All cattle are susceptible to infection by Anaplasma marginale, but the severity worsens with age increase. Older cattle tend to exhibit the most severe clinical symptoms; cattle aged 1-3 may also show severe symptoms but are able to recover easier.

Causes
The two major species that cause anaplasmosis in ruminants include Anaplasma marginale and Anaplasma phagocytophilum. Anaplasma marginale is found worldwide and is transmitted by Rhipicephalus ticks. Anaplasma phagocytophilum is also found worldwide, mainly transmitted by Ixodes ticks. Other species that cause anaplasmosis in specific species include:

Cattle:
Anaplasma centrale - found mainly in South America, Africa and the Middle East
Sheep and goats:
Anaplasma ovis - found worldwide. There is a prevalence of 82.9% in sheep, and 74.9% in goats. This species is the most prevalent for causing anaplasmosis in sheep and goats, although Anaplasma phagocytophilium can also cause the disease. Anaplasma phagocytophilium has a prevalence of 11.9% in sheep, and 15.2% in goats.

Morphology
There are many strains of Anaplasma marginale, all with differing morphology, antigenic properties, protein sequence, and ability to be transmitted by ticks. Major surface proteins (MSP) have been found to play a major role in the infection by Anaplasma marginale. Out of the six MSP found on this species, three of the major surface proteins do not seem to differ between all strains, those including MSP1a, MSP4, and MSP5. The msp1a gene, which codes for MSP1a, is used as a marker for the identification of Anaplasma marginale because it has shown to be conserved in the multiplication of rickettsia in cattle and ticks and has been shown to be involved in adhesion to bovine erythrocytes and tick cells.Anaplasma phagocytophilum is a gram-negative bacterium that does not have lipopolysaccharides or peptidoglycan. The outer membrane does not have a capsule, and is coarse with irregular periplasmic spaces. This species was originally included in the genus Ehrlichia (Ehrlichia phagocytophilium), but is now included in the genus Anaplasma (Anaplasma phagocytophilium).

Prevention
Currently, no live or inactivated vaccines have been approved by the USDA that are effective against all strains of A. marginale. Some vaccines that rely on erythrocyte-derived antigen sources provide immunity or prevent clinical disease, although these do not prevent cattle from being infected with A. marginale. Other means of prevention can include testing all ruminants in a herd and eliminating any individuals who test positive for anaplasmosis, leading to an anaplasmosis-free herd. Vector control measures can also be used. Tick control is widely used in some countries, including Africa, but rarely used in the United States due to the fact that this prevention method is labor-intensive and expensive. In contrast, the control of flies is effective and there are many ways to do this. Chemical agents can be used, sanitation methods (such as cleaning stalls/pens regularly, manure management, and protecting feed), as well as biological control by natural enemies of flies (including bees, mites, parasitoids). Ways to prevent iatrogenic transmission include avoiding re-using of needles and sanitizing medical equipment between uses. Antimicrobial treatment can also be used, although it is more commonly used in the case of active infection. This includes the drugs tetracycline and imidocarb, and is used in healthy ruminants to decrease the clinical effects of an active infection.

Treatment
The most common source of treatment is the use of tetracycline drugs (including tetracycline, chlortetracycline, oxytetracycline, rolitetracycline, doxycycline, and minocycline) and imidocarb. An injection of tetracycline drugs can give ruminants immunity to Anaplasma species for at least eight months. Imidocarb has been shown to be highly effective against Anaplasma marginale, but has been identified as a possible carcinogen and is not approved in the United States or Europe. Countries such as South Africa, Australia, Israel, and South America have used live vaccines containing infectious Anaplasma centrale to prevent infection of Anaplasma marginale. Live vaccines are prohibited in the United States, and there has been production of vaccines consisting of nonliving Anaplasma marginale pulled from infected bovine erythrocytes, which can provide some immunity but leaves cattle susceptible to other strains of Anaplasma marginale. Supportive therapy such as blood products and fluids may be necessary.

Epidemiology
In the United States, anaplasmosis is notably present in the South and West, where the tick hosts Ixodes spp. are found.  It is also a seemingly increasing antibody in humans in Europe.  Although vaccines have been developed, none are currently available in the United States. Early in the 20th century, this disease was considered one of major economic consequence in the Western United States.  In the 1980s and 1990s, control of ticks through new acaricides and practical treatment with prolonged-action antibiotics, notably tetracycline, has led to the point where the disease is no longer considered a major problem. The disease affects immunoglobulin G, therefore G-specific antibody levels can be used to diagnose the disease.In 2005, A. ovis was found in reindeer populations in Mongolia. This pathogen and its associated syndrome (characterized by lethargy, fever, and pale mucous membranes) was previously observed in only wild sheep and goats in the region, and is the first observed occurrence of A. ovis in reindeer.
In Australia, bovine anaplasmosis, caused by A. marginale, is found in only the northern and eastern parts of Australia where the cattle tick is present. It was probably introduced as early as 1829 by cattle from Indonesia infested with the cattle tick Boophilus microplus.The veterinarian George P. Broussard of New Iberia, Louisiana, conducted important research on anaplasmosis and brucellosis.

References


== External links ==Ibrahim El-Baba is a Lebanese swimmer. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.


The following is a list of 2019 box office number-one films in Paraguay.

Films
Biggest opening week
This list charts films that had openings in excess of 50,000 tickets sold in their first week.

See also
Lists of box office number-one films
2019 in film

References
External links
UltracineHaakon, Crown Prince of Norway (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈhôːkʊn]; Haakon Magnus; born 20 July 1973) is the second child and only son of King Harald V and Queen Sonja, and heir apparent to the throne of Norway. He represents the fourth generation of the sitting Norwegian royal family of the House of Glücksburg.
Haakon has an older sister, Princess Märtha Louise. For members of the royal family born between 1971 and 1990, the order of succession to the throne is set according to patrilineal primogeniture; accordingly, Haakon became Crown Prince when his father ascended the throne on 17 January 1991 upon the death of his grandfather Olav V.In 2001, Haakon married Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby with whom he has two children; Princess Ingrid Alexandra, and Prince Sverre Magnus. The Skaugum Estate, situated in the area of Semsvannet, is the official residence of the Crown Prince and Crown Princess.Haakon holds a military as well as civil education. He completed his training for Naval Officer in the Norwegian Armed Forces in 1995. He  holds a BA in political science from the University of California, Berkeley (1999) and an MSc in development studies from the London School of Economics (2004). As Crown Prince, he is General officer of the Norwegian Armed and Royal Norwegian Air Force, as well as admiral of the Royal Norwegian Navy.

Family and early life
Haakon was born on 20 July 1973 at The National Hospital in St. Hanshaugen, Oslo, the only son and younger child of Crown Prince Harald and Crown Princess Sonja. His father was the son of the reigning Norwegian monarch, King Olav V. At birth he was named Haakon Magnus, and it was stressed in the announcement that he would go by the name Haakon. He was named in honor of his paternal great-grandfather, King Haakon VII, and his maternal uncle Haakon Haraldsen. When Haakon was only 17, his grandfather Olav died on 17 January 1991, leading to the ascension of his father as King Harald V and himself as crown prince.Haakon has one sibling, Princess Märtha Louise of Norway (born 1971). In 1990, the Norwegian constitution was altered, granting absolute primogeniture to the Norwegian throne, meaning that the eldest child, regardless of gender, takes precedence in the line of succession. This was not, however, done retroactively (as, for example, Sweden had done in 1980), meaning that Haakon continues to take precedence over his older sister.

Education and military
Haakon served in the Royal Norwegian Navy. He graduated from the Norwegian Naval Academy in 1995, followed with a year aboard missile torpedo boats and navy vessels.He attended and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1999. Haakon later attended lectures at the University of Oslo and took the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs' civil servant introductory course in 2001. He completed his education in 2003 at the London School of Economics, where he was awarded an MSc in development studies, specializing in international trade and Africa.As of 15 November 2013, in the Royal Norwegian Navy his officer rank is Admiral, and in the Norwegian Army and the Royal Norwegian Air Force his rank is General.In 2016 he completed the Norwegian Army's paratrooper course and was certified as a military paratrooper. The course attended was administered by the Special Operations Commando.

Marriage and children
Haakon married a commoner and single mother Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby on 25 August 2001, at Oslo Cathedral. Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark was the best man. When the engagement between Crown Prince Haakon and Høiby was announced, many Norwegians felt that his choice of wife was inappropriate. This was primarily about her being a single mother, but information concerning her involvement in the rave scene in Oslo, which included a significant drug-subculture, also added to the controversy. In addition, the father of her child was convicted of drug-related offences. In a heartfelt press conference before the wedding the bride explained her past, saying among other things that her youthful rebelliousness might have been stronger than most young people. The issue of Mette-Marit's past was an ongoing discussion in Norwegian public discourse in the early years after their engagement and marriageThe couple have two children together: Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway (born 21 January 2004 at Oslo University National Hospital in Oslo) and Prince Sverre Magnus (born 3 December 2005 in Oslo University National Hospital in Oslo). Haakon is also the stepfather to Mette-Marit's son, Marius Borg Høiby.

Activities
From 25 November 2003 to 12 April 2004, Haakon was regent during the King's treatment for cancer and the subsequent convalescence period. Likewise, Haakon was regent from 29 March 2005 until the King had fully recovered from the heart surgery he underwent on 1 April. This period ended on 7 June.
In addition to his official duties, Haakon has a strong interest in cultural matters. He also has given patronage to a number of organisations. In 2006, Haakon was one of three founders of Global Dignity, alongside Pekka Himanen and John Hope Bryant. Global Dignity is an independent, non-political organization that, according to their guiding principles, seeks to help people "fill their dreams and potential in life" and promotes "the belief that everyone deserves to live a life of dignity." Members of the organization include entrepreneurs Sir Richard Branson and Sandro Salsano.In 2003, the Crown Prince was appointed as Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). In 2013, Crown Prince Haakon established the SIKT conference. The Crown Prince attends the annual conference of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise (NHO), and met the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO) for an introduction in the Tripartite cooperation in 2016.Crown Prince Haakon was a member of the Young Global Leaders network from 2005 until 2010. From 2010 until 2017, the Crown Prince served as a member of the Young Global Leaders Foundation Board.Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit established The Crown Prince and Crown Princess's Foundation. He is a patron of 4H Norge, ANSA, The Ibsen Stage Festival, Nordland Music Festival, and several other organizations. In 2017, he became a patron of the Norwegian Refugee Council.

Personal interests
Haakon was involved in several sports and seemed to take a particular liking to windsurfing and surfing. However, he has not engaged in serious competitions. Haakon is known as a big music fan. When he was younger, he attended music festivals all over Europe, including the Roskilde Festival in Denmark and the Quart Festival in Kristiansand, Norway.
He has also been part of Olympics ceremonies. In 1994, the Crown Prince and his father played roles during the opening ceremony in Lillehammer: while the King declared the Games opened, the Crown Prince lit the cauldron, paying tribute to his father and grandfather having served as Olympians. In 2016, his daughter Princess Ingrid Alexandra did the same at the II Winter Youth Olympics, which was also held in Lillehammer. In 2010, Haakon attended the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
He accompanied the band Katzenjammer in their recording of the song "Vi tenner våre lykter" (for the 2011 Christmas-themed album of the same name). Proceeds benefited "Their Royal Highnesses The Crown Prince and Crown Princess funds."

Titles, styles, honours and awards
Titles
20 July 1973 – 17 January 1991: His Royal Highness Prince Haakon of Norway
Since 17 January 1991: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Norway

Arms
Honours and medals
National honours and medals
Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Saint Olav °
Grand Cross of Order of Merit °
Defence Service Medal with Laurel Branch °
Royal House Centennial Medal °
Olav V's Commemorative Medal °
Olav V's Jubilee Medal °
Olav V's Centenary Medal °
King Harald V's Jubilee Medal 1991-2016
Royal Norwegian Navy Service Medal °
Norwegian Reserve Officers' Association Badge of Honour °
Naval Society Medal of Merit in gold °
Oslo Military Society Badge of Honour in Gold °

Foreign honours
Austria: Grand Decoration in Gold with Sash of the Order of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria
 Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross
 Bulgaria: Grand Cross of the Order of the Balkan Mountains
 Denmark: Knight of Order of the Elephant ° (20 July 1991)
 Estonia: Member 1st Class of Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana ° (10 April 2002)
 Estonia: Member 1st Class of Order of the White Star (26 August 2014)
 Finland: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose °
 Germany: Grand Cross 1st Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany °
 Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon.
 Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (20 September 2004) °
 Japan: Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum
 Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance
 Latvia: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars (20 September 2000) °
 Latvia: Recipient of the 1st Class of Cross of Recognition (12 March 2015) °
 Lithuania: Grand Cross of the Order of Vytautas the Great (3 September 1998)  °
 Lithuania : Grand Cross of the Order of Vytautas the Great (23 March 2011) °
 Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolph of Nassau °
 Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross with Swords of the Order of Orange-Nassau °
 Poland: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland (16 September 2003)°
 Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of Infante Henry (13 February 2004) °
 Slovenia: Recipient of The Golden Order of Merit in the military or security field ° (6 November 2019)
 Spain: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III (26 May 2006)°
 Sweden: Knight of the Royal Order of the Seraphim °

Awards
14 August Committee's Bridge Building Prize 2011
 Olympic Games : Lighter of the Olympic Cauldron; 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, opened by his father, King Harald V.
A horse race bears his name, Kronprins Haakons Pokalløp.  It is held every year in June, at Drammen Travpark.

References
External links
Haakon's biography on the Royal Court's official website
Haakon, Norges kronprins. NRK interview for his 18th birthday
(translation of title: – The couple, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess, are doing political work) "- Kronprinsparet driver politisk arbeid"Valley of Fear is a 1947 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by J. Benton Cheney. The film stars Johnny Mack Brown, Raymond Hatton, Christine McIntyre, Tris Coffin, Ed Cassidy and Eddie Parker. The film was released on February 15, 1947, by Monogram Pictures.

Plot
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Johnny Williams
Raymond Hatton as Rusty Peters
Christine McIntyre as Joan Travers
Tris Coffin as Henry Stevens
Ed Cassidy as Les Travers
Eddie Parker as Duke
Edward Peil Sr. as Jamison Forbes
Ted Adams as Frank Wilkins
Pierce Lyden as Sheriff Wheeler
Steve Darrell as Tom Lansing
Cactus Mack as Spence Mallory
Budd Buster as Pete the Bootmaker

References
External links
Valley of Fear at IMDbThe 1993 British National Track Championships were a series of track cycling competitions held from 24–31 July 1993 at the Leicester Velodrome. The Championships were organised by the British Cycling Federation and for the first time in its history became 'Open', meaning professional and amateur cyclists competed in the same event.

Medal summary
Men's Events
Women's Events


The MIGs (Men In Gear) are a football hooligan "firm" associated with the English football club Luton Town, which was originally formed in the 1980s.

Background
The MIGs formed around 1982, taking over from the 'bovver boy' skinhead type hooligans of the 1970s, wearing designer clothes and trainers (hence Men In Gear) and became highly organised.  Also, for the first time, becoming multi-racial and integrated from the various estates in the town, some received banning orders or prison sentences.  They have had rivalries with firms from Watford and Queens Park Rangers.The events on 13 March 1985 when Millwall visited Kenilworth Road to play Luton Town in an FA Cup quarter final match, whilst not instigated by the MIGs had an effect on future matches between the two clubs.  The hooligan element among Millwall's fans started to riot, and invaded the pitch.  The game was halted after just 14 minutes of play and the referee took both teams off for 25 minutes. When he blew the final whistle, the pitch was invaded again. Over 700 seats were ripped out of the stands and the surrounding streets also saw more violence. The violence that ensued resulted in a ban on away fans by Luton Town, which in turn resulted in Luton's expulsion from the League Cup.  The ban on away fans was lifted by Luton in the 1990–91 season.  There was a later, infamous incident involving the MIGs and the Hells Angels in the late 1980s, when the MIG smashed up the George II pub next to Luton bus station frequented by the latter.  The incident happened just after the George replaced the Blockers as one of the main 'alternative' pubs.
"Operation Spoonbill" in March 1988 saw the arrest of eight fans during dawn raids on 17 homes by police.  The arrested were aged between 24 and 38 and were accused of belonging to a gang called the 'MIGs'. All were charged with conspiracy to commit acts of disorder.  Eventually all the conspiracy charges were dropped, though five were charged with lesser public order offences.In March 2000, on the fifteenth anniversary of the Luton riot, a group calling themselves "MIGs 2000" were blamed for revenge attacks on Millwall fans when the two teams met at Kenilworth Road.  Bedfordshire Police said that they were aware, weeks before the match, of plans by MIGs 2000, to attack Millwall fans in retribution for the events of 1985.  They were said to want revenge with the attitude of, "They've trashed our town once they're not doing it again."The police launched a huge match day operation, bringing in 130 police officers as well as police horses, dogs and a helicopter. Ten people were arrested on the day of the match. Before the match two pubs where Millwall fans were drinking were attacked. About 30 MIG 2000 threw bottles at the Duke of Clarence in Upper George Street at about 1:30 pm and tried to force their way into the pub to attack Millwall fans peacefully drinking inside.  Glass doors were smashed and the manager ordered his staff out of the bar for their own safety.  Police had to deal with a similar incident an hour later outside the Nelson Flagship pub in Dunstable Road when the Luton gang had doubled.  Whilst Millwall fans had a fierce reputation, it was the local Luton hooligans who were entirely blamed for the violence and the Millwall fans were praised for their generally good behaviour.Earlier that season, Luton fans were strongly criticised by the police when, during a home game against Cardiff City, they set fire to a Welsh flag in the wooden main stand which the police said could have sparked a serious disturbance, and caused a tragedy.In November 2001, Luton hooligans left the train at Leicester and ambushed 30 members of Leicester City’s "Baby Squad" at the station. Police had to draw batons to break up the fight.  The Mig Crew had exited the train on the way back from a League game at Mansfield Town.  Luton Hooligans had earlier that day been involved in violent scenes at Field Mill resulting in eight arrests.In 2001 it was reported that tensions were running high in Luton, a town with a 30,000 Muslim community accounting for 20% of the town's population. On 2 November, Asian shops and homes were warned by the police to be prepared for possible attacks over the weekend by members of the MIGs, described as being "a gang of white football hooligans who terrorised Luton Asians 10 years ago".  A local Luton newspaper reported that the MIGs had met in the Nags Head Inn in Dunstable the previous Monday evening, 29 October, to draw up a "battle plan".  The landlady of the pub denied any such meeting had taken place.Twenty four Luton fans were arrested in September 2002 after violence at a Worthington Cup match against Watford at Vicarage Road on 10 September. Ten minutes before the game was due to start, rival fans fought running battles on the pitch after dozens of Luton fans had jumped over advertising hoardings and run onto the pitch. One fan was seen tearing up a corner flag and brandishing it like a weapon. The kick-off was delayed 15 minutes and riot police eventually restored order by forcing the fans back into their seats and blocking off the area behind the Vicarage Road goal. There had also been violence in Watford town centre before the match, with what was described as an "orchestrated" and "arranged" fight outside the Moon Under Water pub. The Football Association launched an investigation into the day's events, and when The Football League also announced that they would be launching an investigation, the two football authorities agreed to launch a joint investigation. Both clubs said they would ban for life any of their fans found to be involved.Nearly a year later, in August 2003, at the start of the 2003–04 season, it was revealed that most MIG members had not attended any Luton Town matches since the match with Watford the previous season, with most of the 24 still awaiting trial. Bedfordshire Police had received money to help stamp out hooliganism, with £200,000 earmarked for an investigation into the fighting at the Watford match in the 2002–03 season and some going toward preventing opposing fans from causing trouble that season with Luton apparently being seen as an easy target, and Luton followers seen as an "easy touch" by other hooligan firms. In December 2003, ten Luton fans and four Watford fans were jailed at Luton Crown Court for between seven and fifteen months for their part in the fighting on the pitch at Vicarage Road the previous season. and a day later six Luton fans were jailed for between eight and fourteen months for their part in the fight at the Moon Under Water pub.A report by the BBC in April 2005 "found Luton to be largely free from football hooliganism - high or low-level."In November 2005, Police arrested 18 Luton hooligans after fighting broke out at the Black Horse, in Coventry Road as yobs battled each other both inside and outside the premises, using bar furniture as weapons. One local resident, who asked not to be named, said: "It was really bad. I saw one lad with his arm broken and his face smashed up. It's not very nice for the area."In October 2007, Luton and Nottingham Forest hooligans clashed after a League One game in which two Forest hooligans required hospital treatment after violent clashes, one for a head injury. Police arrested five Luton hooligans for public order offences and one Forest hooligan for throwing a missile. In addition to the trouble at the game, ten Luton hooligans were banned from football matches in England and Wales for up to five years.The MIGs, it seems, were back in action in March 2008. The Southwark News reported on violent clashes between Millwall and Luton thugs near Rotherhithe New Road and Rotherhithe Old Road and also earlier in The Surrey Docks area. The running battles reached a climax at Whelan's public house with the Millwall group barricading themselves inside. Four arrests were reported.Oxford United v Luton September 2009 and arrests on the night as a result of "minor disorder before the match” involving mainly Luton hooligans.Cambridge United v Luton September 2009 and Police were forced to wear riot gear for protection after one officer suffered a cut to the hand as the situation spiraled out of control. Seven were arrested as Chief inspector Darren Alderson, who was in charge of the operation for Cambridgeshire police, said: "It was a good crowd for the club, but there was disorder between the fans of both clubs".  The Luton fans were seen throwing missiles at the opposing Cambridge fans and police.
In March 2010 reports stated Hayes and Yeading wanted Luton to be promoted from the Conference - so they would not have to play them the following season. The historical rivalry between Luton Hooligans and QPR Hooligans almost reared its ugly face before, during and after a Conference clash. Sound Police tactics won the day and kept the violence under control.On 4 May 2010 Luton hooligans stormed onto the Kenilworth Road pitch after losing 2-0 on aggregate in the play-off semi-finals to York City. This caused the York players to be taken up to the top of the away stand for safety, and to prevent the Luton hooligans from being able to attack them. This did not work as the Luton hooligans started throwing coins, bottles and other missiles at the York players and fans. Richard Brodie, a York striker, told the police that he was hit on the head with a pound coin after he was ushered back into safety. The Luton hooligans did not stop in the stadium as they rioted for hours after the match through the streets of Luton. By 23 September 2011 6 Luton men were jailed for up to 13 months in prison and 23 other offenders received lesser sentences. https://www.heart.co.uk/dunstable/news/local/6-men-jailed-football-violence/
Football hooligans from Lincoln and Luton were jailed in December 2013 for a total of almost 30 years for attack on rival fans before Lincoln City and Luton Town football match in October 2012.In April 2015, the MIGs were involved in violent clashes with Southend United CS Crew Youth hooligans outside Roots Hall resulting in two Luton fans requiring hospital treatment, one for a head injury.
The BBC reports that in August 2018 outbreak of fighting before Luton Town vs Southend United resulted in sentences of between 8 and 31 months plus a total of 47 years of football banning orders for Luton hooligans. Prosecutor Thomas Godfrey told the court the clash had all the "hallmarks" of being "orchestrated" and arranged in advance. The banning orders mean those convicted cannot attend any club games or international fixtures in the UK or follow England abroad. In addition, the men cannot go into Luton town centre when the club is playing at home or go to any town or city where the team is playing an away match.October 2019 Luton Town and Millwall supporters continued their long history of rivalry, which once again saw clashes between the opposing hooligan elements. Crowds gathered after the game, and it seemed as things may turn ugly, but the police eventually had the majority of it under control, separating both groups, and fans made their way home. Social media video appeared to show Luton yobs attack transport shuttling Millwall supporters away from the stadium.Luton Town and Bristol City F.C. hooligans engaged in a mass brawl after a football match in November 2019. Rival groups of opposing football fans were involved in the disorder and several assaults took place. Sergeant Liz O’Brien said: "We would like to ask anyone who recognises the men to get in touch with us, as we believe they might have key information about this incident."

Tommy Robinson
Ex-MIG member, Tommy Robinson, has written two books about his experiences with the firm:

MIG Crew is about the MIGs firm. Its foreword is by Britain's most notorious prisoner, Charles Bronson.
MIG Down charts his 25 years in football violence.The ex-English Defence League leader, Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, took on the hooligan's name "due to the influence of a poisonous uncle I had, who were jealous of Tommy his whole life. And it was his influence telling me, when I was using different names (they included Mikey and Wayne King – "it sounds like wanking, when you say it. Victoria Derbyshire introduced me, ‘now we have Wayne King’, and I was cracking up” Robinson explained). He was like, ‘use Tommy Robinson, use Tommy Robinson, it will get all the heat on him’."

References
Further reading
Robinson, Tommy (5 January 2006). MIG Down. Pennant Books Ltd. ISBN 0-9550394-0-1.
Robinson, Tommy (3 May 2007). MIG Crew. Pennant Books Ltd. ISBN 978-1-906015-00-8.The 38th Legislative Assembly of Ontario was a legislature of the government of the Province of Ontario, Canada. It officially opened November 19, 2003, at Queen's Park in Toronto, and ended on June 5, 2007.  The membership was set by the 2003 Ontario general election on October 2, 2003, and it changed only somewhat due to resignations and by-elections.
It was controlled by a Liberal Party majority under Premier Dalton McGuinty.  The Official Opposition was the Progressive Conservative Party, led first by Ernie Eves, and later by John Tory.  The speaker was Michael A. Brown.
There were two sessions of the 38th Legislature:

Timeline
November 19, 2003:

The legislature conducted a secret vote to elect the Speaker of the legislature. Liberal Party of Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) Alvin Curling is elected as Speaker. He was the first black Speaker of the Ontario legislature.March 24, 2004:

Dominic Agostino, Liberal MPP for Hamilton East, died suddenly of liver cancer.May 13, 2004:

A by-election was held in Hamilton East to replace Dominic Agostino. Ontario New Democratic Party candidate Andrea Horwath defeated Liberal candidate Ralph Agostino, Mr. Agostino's brother. This win returned the NDP to 8 seats and official party status.August 19, 2005:

Speaker Alvin Curling resigned to accept an appointment as Ambassador to the Dominican Republic.November 24, 2005:

In a by-election, Bas Balkissoon held the seat of Scarborough-Rouge River for the Liberals.September 18, 2006:

Joe Cordiano, Liberal MPP for York South-Weston, resigned from cabinet and the legislature, citing a desire to spend more time with family.September 25, 2006:

Tony Wong, Liberal MPP for Markham, resigned from the legislature to make a successful bid for a seat on York Regional Council.September 28, 2006:

Cam Jackson, Progressive Conservative MPP for Burlington, resigned from the legislature to make a successful bid for the mayoralty of Burlington.February 8, 2007:

Three by-elections were held.  Paul Ferreira won York South-Weston for the NDP (the seat was previously held by the Liberals); former Halton Region chair Joyce Savoline retained Burlington for the PCs; and Michael Chan held Markham for the Liberals.March 29, 2007:

Tim Peterson, brother of former Ontario Premier David Peterson, left the Liberal caucus to sit as an Independent until the next election, in which he ran for the PCs.June 5, 2007:

The 38th Parliament 2nd Session is prorogued.July 12, 2007

Liberal MPP Ernie Parsons resigned his seat in order to accept an appointment as Justice of the Peace.September 10, 2007

38th Parliament dissolved.

Party standings
Seating Plan
P = Premier, LO = Leader of Opposition, L = Leader of the NDP.

List of members
Cabinet ministers are in bold, leaders are in italics and the Speaker of the Legislature has a dagger next to his name.

External links
Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Archived 2007-03-16 at the Wayback Machine
CBC.ca Nov. 19, 2003: Ontario names Curling as new SpeakerThe Museo Nacional del Virreinato (in Spanish, National Museum of the Viceroyalty of New Spain) is located in the former College of San Francisco Javier complex in Tepotzotlán, Mexico State, Mexico.
Belongs to Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes. The complex was built by the Jesuits starting in the 1580s. Here, were founded three centers of learning: a school to teach indigenous languages to Jesuit evangelists, a school for Indian boys and the College of San Francisco Javier, to train Jesuit priests. The complex comprises three sections: the College area, with dormitories, library, kitchen, domestic chapel etc.; the Church of San Francisco Javier; and the Church of San Pedro Apostol.  The former college and the Church of San Francisco Javier have been converted into the Museo del Virreinato, with the former college area housing a large collection of art and ordinary objects from the colonial era, and the Church of San Francisco Javier housing one of the most important collections of Churrigueresque altarpieces in Mexico. The Church of San Pedro Apostol is the only part of the entire complex that is still used for religious purposes.

The College of San Francisco Javier
The Jesuits arrived in Mexico in 1572, too late for the evangelization of most of the populace of central Mexico, most of which had already been done by other orders such as the Franciscans, Dominicans, and Augustinians by the 1580s. However, the Jesuits did find a need in education. The Jesuits arrived to Tepotzotlán in the 1580s and took up residence in local structures. A local Indian leader, Martín Maldonado, became impressed with the Jesuits, who had already started a school to teach indigenous languages to priests. Maldonado made a large donation to the Jesuits in order begin a school for Indian boys. This school was named San Martín and the boys were taught religion, reading and writing in Spanish and music.  In the mid 1580s the training of Jesuit priests was moved from the San Pedro y San Pablo College in Mexico City to a new facility called the College of San Francisco Javier. These schools would make Tepotzotlán one of the most prestigious educational centers in New Spain.The school complex continued to grow during the 17th century, and the adjoining Church of San Francisco Javier was begun in 1670. The school continued to increase in prestige and size until 1767, when the Jesuits were expelled from all Spanish-held territory, and the Spanish Crown took possession of all Jesuit-held properties.The college was abandoned for eight years until Archbishop Alonso Nuñez de Haro y Peralta put it under the care of ordinary priests and renamed it the Real Colegio de Instrucción Retiro Voluntario y Corrección del Clero Secular. This institution not only trained new priests, it served as a retirement community for elderly or disabled priests. It also served as a place to send priests who had "committed some kind of error."The Jesuits returned to former Spanish territories in the mid 19th century but there were not enough of them to take over the institution in Mexico even though it was offered. In 1859, the Reform Laws declared the complex as property of the nation although the Church of San Francisco Javier still kept offering Mass. Because of the poor conditions at penitentiaries at this time, it was decided to use former monasteries and convents for this purpose. However, in spite of the fact that the complex was turned over to the State of Mexico in 1871, the local populace would not permit it to be used as a jail. Later, such would be considered again by Porfirio Díaz, but it never came to pass.During the Mexican Revolution, the school was still functioning with Father Gonzalo Carrasco as the dean. General Coss ordered the expulsion of the priest and his company as it was rumored that they were trying to reform a monastic order. Knowing that Carrasco was a painter, Coss ordered him to paint a portrait of Venustiano Carranza and renounce his collar. Carrasco refused and was sent to the prison in Teoloyucan, and the students were sent to Mexico City. Soldiers then occupied the complex, sacking it.The college was abandoned by the Jesuits for good in 1914 and the church was opened to the public. Rumors persisted that great treasures were buried on the complex grounds, forcing the complex to allow searches in 1928, 1931, 1932 and 1934, which caused damage to the main church. The complex was declared a national monument in 1933. The complex is one of the few in Mexico that has been preserved completely intact, including its altarpieces and artworks.In 1961, restoration work was begun on the church and college complex by then president Adolfo López Mateos and in 1964 it was inaugurated. Most of the museum's collection came from the old Museum of Religious Art which was part of the Mexico City Cathedral. The precious metal objects were donated by the National Museum of History and a pre-Hispanic blanket was donated by the Museo Nacional de Antropología. Other objects in the collection were donated by private parties.

The museum
Most of the complex is taken up by the Museo del Virreinato  situated in what used to be the College of San Francisco Javier. The Museo is considered to be one of the most impressive in the country due both to its collection and to the aesthetics of the building that houses it. Remodeling of the college began in 1961 and finished three years later under the direction of then-president Adolfo López Mateos. It was inaugurated with much the same look and permanent collection that it has today.  The complex contains a number of interior courtyards, such as the Aljibes and the Naranjo, as well as a domestic chapel, library, dormitories, refectory, and kitchen. A wide arched passageway in the back of the complex leads to the extensive gardens area of more than 3 hectares, filled with gardens, sculptures and the original Salta de Agua fountain, which marked the end of the old Chapultepec aqueduct.
Much of its collection is made of liturgical pieces from the old Museum of Religious Art which was part of the Mexico City Cathedral. These are distributed among the many rooms of the college complex. There are pieces done in ivory, wood and a paste made from corn stalks among other materials. Religious vestments that were in the Religious Art museum include chasubles, dalmatic stoles, capes and bags for corporals and maniples. Work in precious metals, especially silver, include a wide variety of monstrance and tabernacles, chalices, reliquaries, naviculas, crosses, censers, candlesticks, and ciboria.It now houses important artworks and other objects relating to the colonial period of Mexico.  It contains twenty paintings by Cristóbal de Villalpando, as well as creations by Juan Correa, Martín de Vos, Miguel Cabrera, the Rodríguez Juárez brothers and José de Ibarra. The collection is one of the largest from the Mexican colonial era. These paintings exhibit a variety of techniques and are almost all of religious themes. Sculptures include works done in "estofado" and "encarnado," two techniques that were popular at the time. There are also realistic pieces with hair, glass eyes and real teeth.There are exhibits of non-religious everyday items from the colonial period such as silverware and other objects of precious metals, textiles and tools. Among the ceramics on display are pieces created in the Majolica and Talavera styles, in addition to Asian pieces brought via the Manila galleon. The museum's collection of furniture traces the evolution of styles during this period and includes tables, chairs, stools, lecterns, and desks with metal and mother-of-pearl inlay. Numerous tools, arms and other horsemanship items are found here such as irons, harnesses, swords, guns, locks, stirrups, spurs, trunks, chests, helmets, and complete suits-of-armor. There is a collection of lacquered and inlaid objects from Michoacán and Chiapas which date from the 17th century.
The museum has fine example of rare feather art, as well as interesting glass objects, mostly from Spain, France, England and Germany. The book collection of about 4,000 volumes is concentrated in the old college library. The volumes date from the 16th to the 19th centuries, written in various languages with different types of binding.Museum services include guided tours, a library specializing in colonial history and a book store. The Hostería del Convento is a lodging and restaurant facility located within the complex. Every year, this hostel sponsors "posadas," which are a type of pre-Christmas pageant, as well as nativity plays. This tradition was revived in 1963 and fills the air with songs and fireworks. These events are accompanied by piñatas and "ponche" a hot, spiced fruit drink.

Church of San Francisco Javier
The Church of San Francisco Javier was begun in 1670 and finished in 1682. Design of the building is attributed to José Duran. The layout of the church is of typical Latin cross design with a cupola with a pendentive. The groin vaults of the church preserve decorative motifs. In the pendentive is a mural from the 17th century which is identified as Saint Aloysius Gonzaga with tiger lilies as a symbol of purity, Saint Stanislaus Kostka with the infant Jesus in his arms, Francis of Borgia with a skull, and Ignatius of Loyola with the Jesuit standard. In the 18th century, these paintings were covered by oils of the Four Evangelists. They were moved to the ante-choir in the 1960s.The facade of the church of San Francisco Javier was constructed between 1760 and 1762 of grey stone and covered the original facade from the 17th century. This facade is attributed to architect Ildefonso Iniesta Bejarano. The facade summarizes the themes that are presented in the altarpieces inside. The most prominent image is of the Virgin Mary as the Great Patroness of the Jesuits. At the crest is an image of the Archangel Michael.  The ornamentation of its facade continues up through the bell tower which dates from the 18th century and the use of the "estipite" (inverted truncated pyramid) column here is very evident as the decoration of the facade continues up the tower. The tower is topped by an iron cross. This facade is considered to be the most important of the Churriguerisque style in Mexico.The large atrium in front of the museum complex is called the Plaza de la Cruz, which contains an atrium cross made of stone and carved with scenes from the Passion of Christ.The Church of San Francisco Javier is no longer used for religious services and is now part of the museum. This church contains one of the most important collections of Churrigueresque altarpieces in Mexico. These feature the Baroque estipite column and were done in the 18th century by Higinio Chavez. All were done in white cedar and covered in gold leaf.  In the main altarpiece is a painting of God, the Father at the crown done by Miguel Cabrera, Underneath is an image of the Immaculate Conception with Saint Joachim and Saint Anne on the sides. Underneath this is an image of John the Baptist with Saint Joseph next to him. The altar also includes images of two martyrs who died in Japan. In the center of the altarpiece is the image of Company of Jesus co-founder Saint Francis Xavier with a flaming heart shown on his chest, symbolizing divine love.The main altar and the side altars are related thematically. Those on the presbytery side are dedicated to two of the most important Jesuit saints (Saints Ignatius of Loyola and Saint Joseph) and the altars on the other side are dedicated to those of the Third Order of the Company of Jesus, such as Francis of Borgia, shown with a crowned skull, Aloysius Gonzaga and Stanislav of Kotska. One other altarpiece is dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe and was completed in 1756. This altar contains an image of this Virgin as she appeared to Juan Diego as well as other saints associated with harvests, such as Saint Barbara.In the second section of the nave is the Chapel of the Virgin of Loreto, which has a portal that is a replica of the house of Loreto. In the back of the temple is the Alcove of the Virgin and the Chapel of the Relic of Saint Joseph. The House of Loreto is, by tradition, considered to be the home of the Virgin Mary, and behind it there is an alcove dedicated to the Virgin of Loreto. Near here is a very small room dedicated to a relic supposedly of Saint Joseph. Next to this is the presbytery and the sacristy, which is filled with oil paintings. The Church of San Francisco Javier, the Loreto Chapel and the Alcove of the Virgin of Loreto are considered to be works of art in themselves.

Church of San Pedro Apostol
To the left of the Church of San Francisco Javier  is the Church of San Pedro Apostol with its main entrance facing the atrium and done in Neoclassic style. It is the only part of the museum complex that still preserves its religious function and services.

Gallery
See also
List of Jesuit sites

References
External links
Museo del VirreinatoDaniel Chandler is an American singer and songwriter from St. Louis, Missouri. He is best known for his work with rock band Evans Blue. Chandler was also the lead vocalist for the band Fight or Flight.

History
Dan Chandler was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. Growing up, Chandler expected to pursue a career in baseball. Right after high school, he began playing guitar and writing songs. Chandler was previously part of the band Switch 3. The band started in St. Louis but relocated to Los Angeles, looking to sign with a major label. The singer later moved back to St. Louis after a failed signing attempt. Chandler heard Toronto-based Evans Blue was looking for a lead singer and contacted the band to see what they were looking for. He joined the band in 2009.
Dan Donegan, guitarist for Disturbed, contacted Chandler with an idea of possible collaboration. When Donegan and Chandler had enough material they contacted Disturbed drummer Mike Wengren and began recording. The band Fight or Flight was created as a side project and signed with Warner Bros. Records in 2013.

Discography
Switch Three
Don Chandler (2003) – EP
Simon Says (2005) – EP

Evans Blue
Albums
Evans Blue (2009)
Graveyard of Empires (2012)
Letters from the Dead (2016)

Fight or Flight
Albums
A Life by Design? (2013)

A Strange Day of Calm
That's Just You (2014) – Single
Since I Don't Have You (2014) – Single

Guest appearances
More Than This (guest vocals for "HeavensDust") (2014)


Serang River is a river in northern Central Java, Indonesia, about 400 km east of the capital Jakarta. The largest tributary  is Lusi River, which discharges into Serang River after passing the city of Purwodadi.

Geography
The river flows in the central area of Java with predominantly tropical monsoon climate (designated as Am in the Köppen-Geiger climate classification). The annual average temperature in the area is 25 °C. The warmest month is October, when the average temperature is around 28 °C, and the coldest is January, at 23 °C. The average annual rainfall is 2845 mm. The wettest month is January, with an average of 527 mm rainfall, and the driest is September, with 35 mm rainfall.

See also
Kedung Ombo Dam
List of rivers of Indonesia
List of rivers of Java


The 1899 Notre Dame football team was an American football team that represented the University of Notre Dame in the 1899 college football season. In their first season with James McWeeney as coach, the team compiled a 6–3–1 record, shut out five opponents, and outscored all opponents by a total of 169 to 55.

Schedule


Chaerephon (; Greek: Χαιρεφῶν, Chairephōn; c. 470/460 – 403/399 BCE), of the Athenian deme Sphettus, was an ancient Greek best remembered as a loyal friend and follower of Socrates.  He is known only through brief descriptions by classical writers and was "an unusual man by all accounts", though a man of loyal democratic values.

Life
Chaerephon is mentioned by three writers of his time, all of whom were probably well acquainted with him: Aristophanes, Xenophon, and Plato.  Considered together, these sources suggest that Chaerephon was a well-known, alert, energetic, engaging individual, possibly with a distinctive physical appearance and probably a bit of a "character", who moved easily in the social and intellectual circles of the day.

In Aristophanes
Chaerephon appears in three of Aristophanes' comic plays: The Clouds, The Wasps, and The Birds.  The Clouds, produced in 423 BCE, portrays Socrates and his assistant Chaerephon as a pair of charlatans operating a pseudo-scientific school in Athens.  Chaerephon is represented in The Clouds as pale and malnourished, a "living corpse", and it is sometimes inferred that he must have been a thin, unhealthy looking fellow in real life.  In The Wasps Chaerephon, or some visual caricature of him, has a brief, non-speaking role as an impartial witness.  In The Birds he is nicknamed "the bat", possibly alluding to nocturnal habits, a bony appearance, or a sudden, excitable nature (as suggested in Plato's works, below).

In Xenophon
In his Memorabilia Xenophon includes Chaerephon in his list of the "true companions" of Socrates.  Also in the Socratic inner circle, according to Xenophon, were Crito, Hermogenes, Simmias of Thebes, Cebes of Thebes, Phaedondes, and Chaerephon's younger brother Chaerecrates, although Xenophon acknowledges that there were others.  Later in the Memorabilia, Xenophon recounts an exchange between Socrates and Chaerecrates on the occasion of a falling-out between the brothers.  Socrates argues persuasively that Chaerecrates should make every effort to achieve a prompt reconciliation with his older brother Chaerephon.

In Plato
In Plato's Apology, an account of the Trial of Socrates in 399 BCE, Socrates calls Chaerephon his longtime friend and the friend of many present.  Socrates says that Chaerephon is now deceased but indicates that his brother is in attendance at the trial. Socrates suggests that Chaerephon had a reputation for being impetuous and we learn that it was Chaerephon who journeyed to Delphi to ask the Delphic oracle who was the wisest of men. (The oracle replied that there was none wiser than Socrates.) Socrates also alludes to a period of exile which was endured by Chaerephon and some others present. This is sometimes taken as evidence that Chaerephon, unlike Socrates, was an active supporter of the Athenian Democracy and was persecuted on this account when the democracy was temporarily deposed after the defeat of Athens by Sparta.Chaerephon appears in two other Platonic dialogues: the Charmides and the Gorgias. At the start of the Charmides, Socrates returns to Athens from the military campaign at Potidaea and is greeted with great enthusiasm by Chaerephon who is described as "a wild man". This campaign concluded in 430 BCE (3 years before Plato's birth and 31 years before Socrates' death), but Plato is probably accurate in depicting the association of Chaerephon and Socrates as already well established.  At the start of the Gorgias, Chaerephon and Socrates arrive late at an Athenian gathering for an evening of conversation with Gorgias, a famed Sophist. Socrates good-naturedly blames their lateness on Chaerephon, who chatted too long in the Agora. Chaerephon then says that Gorgias is a friend of his and, with some coaching by Socrates, he serves satisfactorily as Gorgias' initial interlocutor in the early part of the dialogue.

See also
List of speakers in Plato's dialogues

References
Sources
Guthrie, W. K. C. (1971). Socrates. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-09667-7.
Nails, Debra (2002). The People of Plato: A prosopography of Plato and other Socratics. Hackett Publishing Company. ISBN 0-87220-564-9.  See pp 86–87.ATP synthase subunit b, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ATP5PB gene.This gene encodes a subunit of mitochondrial ATP synthase. Mitochondrial ATP synthase catalyzes ATP synthesis, utilizing an electrochemical gradient of protons across the inner membrane during oxidative phosphorylation. ATP synthase is composed of two linked multi-subunit complexes: the soluble catalytic core, F1, and the membrane-spanning component, Fo, comprising the proton channel. The catalytic portion of mitochondrial ATP synthase consists of 5 different subunits (alpha, beta, gamma, delta, and epsilon) assembled with a stoichiometry of 3 alpha, 3 beta, and a single representative of the other 3. The proton channel seems to have nine subunits (a, b, c, d, e, f, g, F6 and 8). This gene encodes the b subunit of the proton channel.The b subunits are part of the peripheral stalk that links the F1 and FO complexes together, and which acts as a stator to prevent certain subunits from rotating with the central rotary element. The peripheral stalk differs in subunit composition between mitochondrial, chloroplast and bacterial F-ATPases. In bacterial and chloroplast F-ATPases, the peripheral stalk is composed of one copy of the delta subunit (homologous to OSCP in mitochondria), and two copies of subunit b in bacteria, or one copy each of subunits b and b' in chloroplasts and photosynthetic bacteria.

References
External links
Human ATP5PB genome location and ATP5PB gene details page  in the UCSC Genome Browser.


== Further reading ==The year 2004 is the 12th year in the history of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United States. In 2004 the UFC held 5 events beginning with, UFC 46: Supernatural.

Title fights
Debut UFC fighters
The following fighters fought their first UFC fight in 2004:

Events List
See also
UFC
List of UFC champions
List of UFC events


Cognitive Madisonianism is the idea that divided government is better than one in which a single party controls both the executive and legislative branches.  A relatively large percentage of the populace of the USA [over 20%] supposedly voted a split ticket because of this belief between 1992 and 1996, according to "Split-Ticket Voting: The Effects of Cognitive Madisonianism" by  Lewis-Beck and Nadeau.In the US, Cognitive Madisonianism is in keeping with Article One of the United States Constitution, and the principle of separation of powers under the United States Constitution. It comes about from a belief that James Madison, and the other Founding Fathers of the United States, intended power within the institutions of government (executive, legislature and the judiciary) to be separate and act as checks and balances against each other. Voters might vote in this way because they do not want any of the above institutions to exercise too much power individually, as this might lead to tyranny. Voting due to Cognitive Madisonianism has potential to create weak government and negatively impact on the administration of the country, because it creates split ticket voting, which in turn can create legislative gridlock.


Joseph Clarke (died 1749) was an English cleric and academic, known as a controversialist. He was particularly concerned to oppose followers of Samuel Clarke (no relation).

Life
The son of Joseph Clarke, D.D., rector of Long Ditton, Surrey, he was educated at Westminster School. He was then a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge, under Thomas Johnson. He was elected a fellow of his college, proceeded to the degree of M.A., and died after a long illness on 30 December 1749. His funeral sermon, preached in the parish church of Long Ditton on 4 January 1751, by the Rev. Richard Wooddeson, M.A., master of the school at Kingston-on-Thames, was printed at London, in 1751.

Works
His works are:

Treatise of Space, 1733.
A Defence of the Athanasian Creed, as a preservative against Heresy.
A full and particular Reply to Mr. Chandler's Case of Subscription to Explanatory Articles of Faith, &c. 1749.He also edited Daniel Waterland's Sermons on several important Subjects of Religion and Morality, 2 vols. Lond. 1742, 2nd ed. 1776.

References

Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Cooper, Thompson (1887). "Clarke, Joseph (d.1749)".  In Stephen, Leslie (ed.). Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 10. London: Smith, Elder & Co. p. 435.Incremental operating margin is the increase or decrease of income from continuing operations before stock-based compensation, interest expense and income-tax expense between two periods, divided by the increase or decrease in revenue between the same two periods.The Portuguese Democratic Movement/Democratic Electoral Commissions (Portuguese: Movimento Democrático Português / Comissões Democráticas Eleitorais, MDP/CDE or just MDP) was one of the most important organizations of the democratic opposition to the Estado Novo. It was founded in 1969 as an electoral coalition meant to run in the non-democratic and widely manipulated parliamentary election.

History

In 1973 the MDP took part in the Democratic Congress of Aveiro, the largest meeting of democratic militants during the dictatorship. After the Carnation Revolution in 1974, it was made part of every provisional government, with exception of the 6th and in 1979 it ran in coalition with the Portuguese Communist Party in the FEPU and later in APU, achieving important electoral results.
In 1986, disagreements with the PCP arose, the coalition was dissolved and the MDP was later disbanded. A fraction formed the political association Democratic Intervention (Portuguese: Intervenção Democrática) and another group formed a new party, the Politics XXI (Portuguese: Política XXI) that now is part of the Left Bloc.


Kaxararí is a Panoan language of Brazil. It is spoken around the northwest border of the State of Rondônia. The Kaxarari language is the most divergent of the Mainline Panoan branch.


Catherine Cornaro (Greek: Αικατερίνη Κορνάρο, Venetian: Catarina Corner) (25 November 1454 – 10 July 1510) was the last monarch of the Kingdom of Cyprus, also holding the titles of the Queen of Jerusalem and Armenia. She was queen consort of Cyprus by marriage to James II of Cyprus, regent of Cyprus during the minority of her son James III of Cyprus in 1473–1474, and finally queen regnant of Cyprus.  She reigned from 26 August 1474 to 26 February 1489 and was declared a "Daughter of Saint Mark" in order that the Republic of Venice could claim control of Cyprus after the death of her husband, James II.

Life
Catherine was a daughter of Venetian Marco Cornaro, Cavaliere del Sacro Romano Impero (Knight of the Holy Roman Empire) and Fiorenza Crispo. She was the younger sister of the Nobil Huomo Giorgio Cornaro (1452 – 31 July 1527), "Padre della Patria" and Knight of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Cornaro family had produced four Doges. Her family had long associations with Cyprus, especially with regard to trade and commerce. In the Episkopi area, in the Limassol District, the Cornaro family administered various sugar mills and exported Cypriot products to Venice.Catherine was painted by Dürer, Titian, Bellini and Giorgione.

Succession
On the death of the King, John II, in 1458 the succession was disputed between his daughter Charlotte and the illegitimate James, who tried to seize the island. On the strength of the marriage of Louis of Savoy to Charlotte, the duke of Savoy claimed the island and Charlotte was named Queen. In 1468 Caterina, through negotiations by her father and uncle, was offered to James as his wife. The marriage was extremely advantageous to the Republic of Venice as it could henceforth secure the commercial rights and other privileges of Venice in Cyprus. The proposal was agreed to, and the contract was signed in 1468, strengthing James's position.

Queen consort
Thus in 1468, James II, otherwise known as James the Bastard, became king of Cyprus. He and Caterina married in Venice on 30 July 1468 by proxy when she was 14 years old. She finally set sail to Cyprus in November 1472 and married James in person at Famagusta.

Regent
James died soon after the wedding due to a sudden illness and, according to his will, Caterina, who at the time was pregnant, acted as regent. As soon as the Venetian fleet sailed away a plot to depose the infant James III of Cyprus in favour of Charlotte, James's legitimate daughter, broke out, and Caterina was kept a prisoner. The Venetians returned, and order was soon restored, but the republic was meditating the seizure of Cyprus, although it had no valid title whatever.

Monarch
Caterina became monarch when James III died in August 1474 before his first birthday, probably from illness, even if it was rumored that he had been poisoned by Venice or Charlotte's partisans.
The kingdom had long since declined, and had been a tributary state of the Mameluks since 1426. Under Caterina, who ruled Cyprus from 1474 to 1489, the island was controlled by Venetian merchants. 
In 1488 the republic, fearing that Sultan Bayezid II intended to attack Cyprus, and having also discovered a plot to marry Caterina to Alfonso II of Naples decided to recall the queen to Venice and formally annex the island. In February 1489, the Venetian government persuaded Catherine to cede her rights as ruler of Cyprus to the doge of Venice—and by extension the Venetian government as a whole—as she had no heir.On 14 March 1489 she was forced to abdicate and sell the administration of the country to the Republic of Venice.
According to George Boustronios:

"on 15 February 1489 the queen exited from Nicosia in order to go to Famagusta, to leave [Cyprus]. And when she went on horseback wearing a black silken cloak, with all the ladies and the knights in her company [...] Her eyes, moreover did not cease to shed tears throughout the procession. The people likewise shed many tears."

Later life
The last Crusader state became a colony of Venice, and as compensation, Catherine was allowed to retain the title of queen and was made lady of Asolo, a county on the Terraferma of the Republic of Venice in the Veneto region, in 1489. Asolo soon gained a reputation as a court of literary and artistic distinction, mainly as a result of it being the fictitious setting for Pietro Bembo's platonic dialogues on love, Gli Asolani. Caterina lived in Asolo until 1509, when the League of Cambrai sacked the town, then fled to Venice where she lived for another year, dying on July 10, 1510.

Legacy
A libretto based on her life by Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges formed the basis of the operas Catharina Cornaro (1841) by Franz Lachner, La reine de Chypre (1841) by Fromental Halévy, and Caterina Cornaro (1844) by Gaetano Donizetti.The Cornaro Institute, a charitable organisation founded by the artist Stass Paraskos in the city of Larnaca, for the promotion of art and other culture, memorialised her name in Cyprus, prior to its closure by  Larnaca Municipality in 2017.
Also in Cyprus, in October 2011, the Cyprus Antiquities Department announced Caterina Cornaro's partially ruined summer palace in Potamia would be renovated in a one million euro restoration project, becoming a cultural centre.
Work is on going in Potamia by craftsmen from the Department of Antiquities to renovate Caterina Cornaro's Summer Palace with about half now completed.

References
Sources
De Girolami Cheney, Liana (2013). "Caterina Cornaro, Queen of Cyprus".  In Barrett-Graves, Debra (ed.). The Emblematic Queen Extra-Literary Representations of Early Modern Queenship. Palgrave Macmillan.
Luke, Harry (1975). "The Kingdom of Cyprus, 1369—1489".  In Setton, K. M.; Hazard, H. W. (eds.). A History of the Crusades, The Fourteenth and Fifteenth Centuries.
Mellersh, H. E. L.; Williams, Neville (1999). Chronology of world history. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 978-1-57607-155-7.
McNeill, William H. (1974). Venice: The Hinge of Europe, 1081-1797. University of Chicago Press.

Further reading
Hunt, David; Hunt, Iro; Edbury, P. W; Joachim, Joachim G; Mullaly, Terence (1 January 1989). Caterina Cornaro, Queen of Cyprus. London: Trigraph in association with the Bank of Cyprus. ISBN 9780947961046. OCLC 973464198.
Hurlburt, Holly (1 January 2013). "À la Cypriota: Gentile Bellini, the Queen of Cyprus, and Familial Ambition.".  In Frank, Mary E; De Maria (eds.). Reflections on Renaissance Venice: a celebration of Patricia Fortini Brown. Milan: Harry N. Abrams. pp. 32–39. ISBN 978-8874396344. OCLC 844873955.
Hurlburt, Holly (2015). Daughter of Venice: Caterina Corner, Queen of Cyprus and Woman of the Renaissance. Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-20972-3.
Hadjikyriakos, Iosif. Caterina Depicted. Actual Problems of Theory and History of Art: Collection of articles. Vol. 9. Ed: A. V. Zakharova, S. V. Maltseva, E. Iu. Staniukovich-Denisova. Lomonosov Moscow State University / St. Petersburg, NP-Print, 2019, pp. 686–691. ISSN 2312-2129.Aviation Club de France was a gambling club in central Paris, France.
The club opened in 1907 and was widely regarded as a classic gambling site.
In 2005, the Grand Prix de Paris leg of the World Poker Tour took place at the Aviation Club.The main games played at the Aviation Club were: baccarat, poker and backgammon.The club was closed in 2014, after a raid by the police, and placed in liquidation in February 2015.

References


== External links ==Ruri no Shima (瑠璃の島) is a Japanese television series which was broadcast on Nippon Television from 16 April to 18 June 2005.

Synopsis
On Hatomi (a fictional name derived from Hatoma, the actual island where the drama was filmed), a small island in Okinawa state part of Japan's southern sea frontier, the social environment is suffering. With the last student of the elementary school leaving the place, the closing of the school is a virtual given. Mr. Nakama (Ken Ogata), decides to do something about it - and heads for Tokyo to recruit his grandson. Rebuffed by his daughter, however, he decides to adopt another child. He finds Ruri (Riko Narumi), a mature girl of 11 who distrusts people because her mother (Naomi Nishida) doesn't care much about her, but after seeing Mr. Nakama's true intentions, allows him to take her to the island. Unfortunately, the local teacher, Ms. Sanae (Manami Konishi), who was banking on the school's closing to be able to go somewhere else, is resentful of Ruri and makes light of her city fashion (including permed hair, fake curls, and miniskirts), which leads to a big showdown between her and Ruri - and the people who were enthusiastic about her suddenly begin to have their doubts, and only Mr. Nakama and his wife Megumi (Mitsuko Baisho) take Ruri's side strongly. Following into the island is Mr. Kawashima (Yutaka Takenouchi), a mysterious man who saves Ruri from drowning following the fight - and who becomes her conscience and friend in her daily life in the island. But is Kawashima what he seems? Or did he come to the island to run away from Tokyo - and possibly a crime he may have been involved in there? Katsumura and Nishiyama play a local married couple of neighbors, Kashu and Igawa a local unmarried couple of neighbors, all of them willing to help Ruri in their own way.

Cast
Riko Narumi as Ruri
Yutaka Takenouchi as Tatsuya/Makoto
Ken Ogata as Nakama Yuzou
Fumiyo Kohinata as Teruaki
Naomi Nishida as Nao
Taeko Yoshida as Granny Kamado
Sansei Shiomi as Souhei
Sei Hiraizumi as Harue
Yoshie Ichige as Yoshie
Sakura as Mihoko
Mitsuko Baisho as Megumi
Toshiki Kashu as Shigeru
Haruka Igawa as Mitsuki
Manami Konishi as Sanae
Ittoku Kishibe as Manabu
Masanobu Katsumura as Kouji
Mayuko Nishiyama as Natsumi
Anzu Nagai
Shunji Igarashi

Production credits
Screenwriters: Morishita Keiko, Terada Toshio, Morishita Nao (森下直), Takeda Yuki (武田有起)
Producers: Toda Kazuya (戸田一也), Kunimoto Masahiro, Tsugiya Hisashi (次屋尚)
Directors: Inomata Ryuuichi (猪股隆一), Ikeda Kenji (池田健司)
Music: Takefumi Haketa (羽毛田丈史)
Viewership: 12.64%

External links
Official Website
Dorama.info
JDorama.com
Discussion en Francais"Love of My Life" is a song by the British rock band Queen from their 1975 album A Night at the Opera. A sentimental ballad featuring a harp, it was written by Freddie Mercury.
After Queen performed the song in South America in 1981, the version from their live album Live Killers reached number 1 in the singles chart in Argentina and Brazil, and stayed in the charts in both countries for an entire year.Mercury wrote it on the piano and guitar first, and Brian May rearranged the song for acoustic 12-string guitar for live performances, also lowering the key by a minor third. May contributed occasional guitar phrases to the original recording and played the swooping harp glissandos by pasting together multiple takes of single chords.

Background
Queen spent a month during the summer of 1975 rehearsing in a barn at what would become Ridge Farm Studio in Surrey. The group then had a three-week writing and rehearsing session in July in a rented house near Kington, Herefordshire before recording began. From August to September 1975 they began to record the song at Rockfield Studios in Monmouthshire.

Live performances
Introduced during the News of the World Tour in 1977, "Love of My Life" was such a concert favourite that Mercury would stop singing and would conduct the audience as they took over. It was especially well received during concerts in South America, and as a result, the band released the Live Killers version of the song as a single there.
I think it’s the moment when we first realised that they knew "Love of My Life". Not only knew it but would sing it. And not only would they sing it but would sing it with a passion that brought tears to our eyes.
A live performance of the song appears in Queen at Wembley from 1986 where again Mercury conducts the audience as they sing the song. After Mercury's death, Brian May has frequently dedicated the song to him in his own live performances. A notable exception is the Sheffield show which yielded the Return of the Champions CD and DVD. At that show, May announced that Mercury's mother was at the show and he dedicated the song to her instead. In the Queen + Paul Rodgers Tour, May would sing a few lines of the song, then let the audience take over for every verse, as Mercury did. When played at the Glasgow SECC in the 2008 Cosmos Rocks tour, May dedicated the song to his own mother, who had recently died.
During Rock in Rio 6 in 2015, Queen + Adam Lambert was one of the artists to celebrate the festival's 30th anniversary. "Love of My Life" had both May singing a few lines and archive footage of Mercury performing the song during the inaugural Wembley concert  in 1986.

1979 live single release
The acoustic version of the song featured on the band's 1979 album Live Killers was recorded at their concert at Festhalle Frankfurt on 2 February of that year. A shortened version was released as a single in the UK and other territories, which did not include the spoken intros and outros from the album. The liner notes for the DVD release Greatest Video Hits 1 state that although the live audio is from Frankfurt, the accompanying music video that was edited to the track consisted of footage from a 1979 Tokyo concert. In fact, the footage was filmed before one of three Tokyo concerts the band played between 23–25 April. Some bits of footage from two concerts in Paris from earlier in the year are woven in. After performing the song in South America in 1981, it was this version that reached number 1 in the singles chart in Argentina and Brazil, and stayed in the charts in both nations for an entire year.

Personnel
Original studio versionFreddie Mercury – lead and backing vocals, piano
Brian May – acoustic and electric guitar, harp
Roger Taylor – drums, cymbals
John Deacon – bass guitar1979 live versionFreddie Mercury – vocals
Brian May – acoustic guitar

Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Official YouTube videos: original music video, Live at The Bowl, Queen + Paul Rodgers (Live)
Lyrics at Queen official websiteThe Pioneer Oil Company Filling Station is a historic building located in Grinnell, Iowa, United States. The northern half of the building dates back to the 1920s when it was associated with a local farmers' cooperative. One of the services they provided was selling gasoline. The building was expanded in 1931 into a more traditional filling station as selling fuel became a more prominent part of the operation. The building attained its present appearance in 1937 when the service bays and the decorative brick veneer were added.  It retained its original name, "Pioneer Oil Company," throughout its time as a service station even though it became affiliated with Mobilgas in 1936.  That affiliation ended in 1962. During World War II it became a tire inspection center under the wartime tire rationing program.  The service station ceased operations around 2004.  The building was re-purposed into the Mobil Wash and Wax, an automotive detailing business located in the service bays, and the Candyland Cafe in the northern portion of the building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.


This uniform polyhedron compound is a composition of 2 icosahedra. It has octahedral symmetry Oh. As a holosnub, it is represented by Schläfli symbol β{3,4} and Coxeter diagram .
The triangles in this compound decompose into two orbits under action of the symmetry group: 16 of the triangles lie in coplanar pairs in octahedral planes, while the other 24 lie in unique planes.
It shares the same vertex arrangement as a nonuniform truncated octahedron, having irregular hexagons alternating with long and short edges.

The icosahedron, as a uniform snub tetrahedron, is similar to these snub-pair compounds: compound of two snub cubes and compound of two snub dodecahedra.
Together with its convex hull, it represents the icosahedron-first projection of the nonuniform snub tetrahedral antiprism.

Cartesian coordinates
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of this compound are all the permutations of

(±1, 0, ±τ)where τ = (1+√5)/2 is the golden ratio (sometimes written φ).

Compound of two dodecahedra
The dual compound has two dodecahedra as pyritohedrons in dual positions:

References
Skilling, John (1976), "Uniform Compounds of Uniform Polyhedra", Mathematical Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society, 79 (3): 447–457, doi:10.1017/S0305004100052440, MR 0397554.

See also
Compound of two snub cubes

External links
VRML model: [1]Baldev Ram Mirdha Institute of Technology, commonly referred to as BMIT, Jaipur, is a private research college located in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India. BMIT is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education and affiliated with the Rajasthan Technical University. It enrolls approximately 3,125 undergraduate and 241 graduate students from India and around the world.

History
It was founded in 2003 by Choudhary Mularam Memorial Educational Society, and named after Baldev Ram Mirdha. BMIT started in a small building constructed in the Sitapura Industrial Area on the outskirts of Jaipur. It had four Bachelor of Engineering streams: [Information Technology],[Computer science], Electronics & Communication,and Electrical. It later added Civil engineering and Mechanical Engineering programs in another campus called BMIT East. It built its East Campus in 2007.

BMIT Campus
Digital Electronics Lab
Electronic Measurement and Instrumentation Lab
Microprocessor Lab
Communication Lab
Electrical Lab
Chemistry Lab
Physics Lab
Engineering Workshop
Computer Hardware Lab
Microwave Lab
Electronics Lab
Electrical Machines Lab
Power Generation Lab
Power Systems Lab
Antenna Lab
CAD Lab etc...

References
Business India Magazine. November 2009. Business Schools Survey
CNN iReport. ECONS Education Excellence Award-2014
BMIT Jaipur Official Website
BMIT on Wiki Maps
CNN iReport 2009
CITRONICS-2014 Champion Details
Fox News Report 2014
Affiliated from RTU, Kota
Digital Journal Blog
EETP Program by BSNL
Approved Colleges from AICTE, New Delhi
BMIT Alexa Website RankingHengwrt  (English: Old Court) was a mansion near Dolgellau in Meirionnydd, Gwynedd. It lay in the parish of Llanelltyd near the confluence of the River Mawddach and River Wnion, near Cymer Abbey. With medieval origins, it was rebuilt or remodelled on several occasions before being demolished in 1962. It is remembered as the original home of the important collection of the Peniarth Manuscripts, now in the National Library of Wales.

History
Hengwrt was recorded as a grange of Cymer Abbey, and after the Dissolution of the Monasteries passed with the rest of the abbey properties to Sergeant at Arms John Powys. It was eventually bought by Hywel Vaughan of Gwengraig, after which it remained in the Vaughan family for many years.A new house was built in 1750–54 on the site of the earlier building; it was substantially remodelled in 1830, when it was refaced in stone.Hengwrt was purchased by William McConnel in 1859. McConnell was the owner the Sedgwick cotton mill in Manchester, one of the largest mills in operation in the United Kingdom. In January 1864, he formed the Aberdovey Slate Company which leased the Bryn Eglwys slate quarry near Abergynolwyn. He built and opened the Talyllyn Railway to transport slate from his quarry to the main line at Tywyn; he owned the railway and quarry until 1910.Hengwrt mansion was demolished in 1962 following a fire, though some of its outbuildings survive.

Literary connections
Hengwrt is famous in Welsh literary history as the former home of one of the most important collections of Welsh manuscripts, the Hengwrt–Peniarth Manuscripts (often known more simply as the Peniarth Manuscripts), now held in the National Library of Wales in Aberystwyth. The collection was originally assembled by the collector and antiquarian Robert Vaughan, who lived at Hengwrt during the 17th century. They included treasures such as the White Book of Rhydderch, Black Book of Carmarthen, Book of Taliesin and the Book of Aneirin, along with the Brut y Tywysogion. The collection includes an important early copy of Chaucer also known as the "Hengwrt Chaucer" or, misleadingly, the "Hengwrt Manuscript".These manuscripts remained in the Hengwrt library for 300 years, although several others in the collection (including the Hendregadredd Manuscript and the lost Hengwrt 33 or Hanesyn Hên) disappeared in the late 18th century. Edward Lhuyd is recorded as having seen the antiquarian books there in 1696. A number of 18th- and early 19th-century antiquarians visited the mansion to see and copy manuscripts, including Evan Evans, William Owen Pughe and Iolo Morganwg. The collection was inherited by William Watkin Edward Wynne of Peniarth in 1859. In 1904 Sir John Williams purchased the collection from the Wynne family, subsequently donating it to the new National Library when it was established in 1907.The room in the National Library in which some of the manuscripts are displayed is named "Hengwrt", after the mansion.In the 18th century Hengwrt was the home of the diarist Elizabeth Baker, who was employed as a secretary to Hugh Vaughan, Robert Vaughan's great-great grandson.In the late 19th century it was the home of sculptor Mary Lloyd and her partner, the journalist and social reformer Frances Power Cobbe.

References
External links
"Hengwrt Chaucer" on the National Library of Wales websiteEvents from the year 2013 in Taiwan, Republic of China. This year is numbered Minguo 102 according to the official Republic of China calendar.

Incumbents
President – Ma Ying-jeou
Vice President – Wu Den-yih
Premier – Jiang Yi-huah
Vice Premier – Mao Chi-kuo

Events
January
1 January
The establishment of Customs Administration of the Ministry of Finance.
The establishment of K-12 Education Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of Sports Affairs Council to Sports Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of Department of Education to K-12 Education Administration of the Ministry of Education.
The renaming of National Youth Commission to Youth Development Administration and being put under the Ministry of Education.

February
21 February – The opening of Hsinchu Taiwan Pavilion Expo Park in East District, Hsinchu City.

March
14 March – The opening of Embassy of Tuvalu in Taipei.
27 March - The 5.9 Mw Nantou earthquake affected the island with a maximum Mercalli intensity of V (Moderate). One person was killed and 97 were injured.

May
1 May – The opening of Chelungpu Fault Preservation Park in Zhushan Township, Nantou County.
3 May – The upgrade approval for Taoyuan County to become special municipality from county.
9 May – The first meeting of the China Affairs Committee of Democratic Progressive Party.
31 May – The opening of Embassy of Kiribati in Taipei.

June
2 June - June 2013 Nantou earthquake.
9 June – The official opening of At-Taqwa Mosque in Taoyuan County.
13 June – The completion of Xinzhuang Joint Office Tower in Xinzhuang District, New Taipei.
29 June – The opening of Danfeng Station of Taipei Metro in Xinzhuang District and Taishan District, New Taipei.

July
4 July – Death of Hung Chung-chiu.
7–14 July – Typhoon Soulik.
20 July – 2013 Kuomintang chairmanship election.
23 July – The establishment of the Ministry of Health and Welfare from the former Department of Health.
29 July – The opening of Kaisyuan Night Market in Cianjhen District, Kaohsiung City.

August
The establishment of University of Taipei from the merger of Taipei Municipal University of Education and Taipei Physical Education College.

September
16–22 September – 2013 OEC Kaohsiung

October
2013 Taiwan food scandal.
5 October – The opening of Guchuan Bridge in Pingtung County.
10 October – The 102nd anniversary of the National Day of the Republic of China.
24 October – The official opening of Asia Museum of Modern Art in Wufeng District, Taichung.
27 October – The opening of Shanshuilu Eco Park in Nangang District, Taipei.

November
3–11 November – Typhoon Haiyan.
10 November – 19th National Congress of Kuomintang in Taichung.
14 November – The Gambia cut diplomatic relations with the Republic of China.
18 November – The ROC officially terminated its diplomatic relations with The Gambia.
24 November – The opening of Xinyi Line of Taipei Metro.

Deaths
18 February – Chu Hsing-yu, 56, Taiwanese politician, MLY (1993–2005), heart attack.
13 April – Lin Yang-kang, 85, Taiwanese politician, President of Judicial Yuan (1987–1994).
29 April – Levi Ying, 64, Taiwanese-American politician, MLY (1999–2002).
19 June – Kuo Liang-hui, Taiwanese novelist.
13 October – Umar Hartono, 91, Taiwanese soldier (Indonesian National Revolution).


The Gallery of Mineralogy and Geology (in French, galerie de Minéralogie et de Géologie) is a part of the French National Museum of Natural History (Muséum national d'histoire naturelle, MNHN). It is situated in the Jardin des plantes ('Garden of the Plants') in Paris near the gare d'Austerlitz train station. The gallery displays a collection of crystals, gemstones and minerals parmi les plus anciennes et les plus prestigieuses du monde ('among the oldest and the most prestigious in the world').

History
The collection is older than the building. It began in 1625, when minerals with medicinal properties were deposited in le droguier du roi ('the royal drug cabinet'). Thereafter, the droguier and its minerals were moved to the Jardin royal des plantes médicinales ('Royal Garden of the Medicinal Plants'), founded in 1635 under the rule of Louis XIII. The Jardin royal des plantes médicinales, as a location, corresponds in the present day to the still existing Jardin des plantes, but as an institution it nowadays corresponds to the French National Museum of Natural History. In 1635, when the Royal Garden was being founded, the mineral collections and the royal drug cabinet were transported to a château situated in the same property as the garden itself. In the same year, the so-mentioned château was also destined to receive the cabinet du roi (the 'Royal Cabinet of Curiosities'). Later, during the reign of Louis XIV, the mineralogical collection of the cabinet du roi was enriched on the orders of the king and put on public display as of 1745.
Years later the French Revolution broke out, spanning from 1789 to 1799. During the period, in June 1793, the revolutionaries who were ruling France transformed the Jardin royal des plantes médicinales into the still existing Muséum national d'histoire naturelle, but at this point in time the mineralogical and geological samples remained in the old cabinet du roi. After the French Revolution and after the reign of Napoleon, monarchy in France was back and ruled the country again. It was not until the reign of Louis Philippe I that a new building was planned in order to receive the mineralogy collections. Construction works started in 1833 and the new building was inaugurated in 1837 in the presence of the king. This building, designed by architect Charles Rohault de Fleury and still currently in use to show to the public the mineralogical collections, was the first in France to be designed as a museum. The building is partitioned, contiguously, into three different parts: a central nave originally destined to receive the mineralogy and geology collections, and two wings, one on the right-hand side of the central nave, the other on the left-hand side. The right-hand wing was originally intended to receive the Muséum's main library, as still stated in the right-side pediment of the building, where the word Bibliothèque ('Library') still can be read. The left-side wing of the building was originally destined to receive the Muséum's herbarium, but a new nearby building, the galerie de Botanique ('Gallery of Botany'), was inaugurated in 1935 with the purpose of preservation of all Muséum's vegetal samples, so the herbarium left its old allocated location and was sent to the new one, where it is still preserved.
In the late months of 1959, the old cabinet du roi was demolished in order to build on its footprint the current central library of the Muséum. As a consequence, during the 1960s, the rooms in the former library, situated in the Gallery's right wing, were destined to receive a chosen set of mineral samples. This area in the building, the former library, is still nowadays the current main exhibition space in the galerie de Minéralogie et de Géologie.
In 1972, as per the Muséum's herbarium had left the Gallery's left-wing since 1935, French paleontologist Jean-Pierre Lehman opened a galerie de Paléobotanique ('Gallery of Paleobotany') in this area of the building. The Muséum's paleobotanical collections were on exhibit at this new paleobotanical gallery until 1998, when it was definitely closed to the public. The Gallery of Paleobotany was permanently dismantled in 2005, although a few of its fossil plants are currently on exhibition at the galerie de Paléontologie et d'Anatomie comparée and at one of the greenhouses of the Muséum.
In 1982 the Muséum bought a collection of Brazilian giant crystals known as the Ilia Deleff collection. Born in 1921, Ilia Deleff, who had sold the collection to the French Muséum, is a Bulgarian physician and geologist who started collecting these unique giant crystals in the late 1950s. The Ilia Deleff collection of giant crystals is on exhibit at the galerie de Minéralogie et de Géologie since 1983.
Closed in 2004 for renovation, the galerie de Minéralogie et de Géologie reopened ten years later, in 2014, showing a completely new kind of path tour for its new permanent exhibition called Les Trésors de la Terre ('Treasures of the Earth'). It is much more pedagogical, focusing on crystallography and the classification of minerals. This permanent exhibition currently shows approximately 600 mineralogical specimens,
 out of a total collection of 770,000 specimens.

References
External links
Galerie de Minéralogie et de Géologie sur mnhn.frThe evolution of fish began about 530 million years ago during the Cambrian explosion. It was during this time that the early chordates developed the skull and the vertebral column, leading to the first craniates and vertebrates. The first fish lineages belong to the Agnatha, or jawless fish. Early examples include Haikouichthys. During the late Cambrian, eel-like jawless fish called the conodonts, and small mostly armoured fish known as ostracoderms, first appeared. Most jawless fish are now extinct; but the extant lampreys may approximate ancient pre-jawed fish. Lampreys belong to the Cyclostomata, which includes the extant hagfish, and this group may have split early on from other agnathans.
The earliest jawed vertebrates probably developed during the late Ordovician period. They are first represented in the fossil record from the Silurian by two groups of fish: the armoured fish known as placoderms, which evolved from the ostracoderms; and the Acanthodii (or spiny sharks). The jawed fish that are still extant in modern days also appeared during the late Silurian: the Chondrichthyes (or cartilaginous fish) and the Osteichthyes (or bony fish). The bony fish evolved into two separate groups: the Actinopterygii (or ray-finned fish) and Sarcopterygii (which includes the lobe-finned fish).
During the Devonian period a great increase in fish variety occurred, especially among the ostracoderms and placoderms, and also among the lobe-finned fish and early sharks. This has led to the Devonian being known as the age of fishes. It was from the lobe-finned fish that the tetrapods evolved, the four-limbed vertebrates, represented today by amphibians, reptiles, mammals, and birds. Transitional tetrapods first appeared during the early Devonian, and by the late Devonian the first tetrapods appeared. The diversity of jawed vertebrates may indicate the evolutionary advantage of a jawed mouth; but it is unclear if the advantage of a hinged jaw is greater biting force, improved respiration, or a combination of factors. Fish do not represent a monophyletic group, but a paraphyletic one, as they exclude the tetrapods.Fish, like many other organisms, have been greatly affected by extinction events throughout natural history. The earliest ones, the Ordovician–Silurian extinction events, led to the loss of many species. The Late Devonian extinction led to the extinction of the ostracoderms and placoderms by the end of the Devonian, as well as other fish. The spiny sharks became extinct at the Permian–Triassic extinction event; the conodonts became extinct at the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event. The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, and the present day Holocene extinction, have also affected fish variety and fish stocks.

Overview
Fish may have evolved from an animal similar to a coral-like sea squirt (a tunicate), whose larvae resemble early fish in important ways. The first ancestors of fish may have kept the larval form into adulthood (as some sea squirts do today), although this path cannot be proven.
Vertebrates, among them the first fishes, originated about 530 million years ago during the Cambrian explosion, which saw the rise in organism diversity.

The first ancestors of fish, or animals that were probably closely related to fish, were Pikaia, Haikouichthys and Myllokunmingia. These three genera all appeared around 530 Ma. Pikaia had a primitive notochord, a structure that could have developed into a vertebral column later. Unlike the other fauna that dominated the Cambrian, these groups had the basic vertebrate body plan: a notochord, rudimentary vertebrae, and a well-defined head and tail. All of these early vertebrates lacked jaws in the common sense and relied on filter feeding close to the seabed.These were followed by indisputable fossil vertebrates in the form of heavily armoured fishes discovered in rocks from the Ordovician Period 500–430 Ma.
The first jawed vertebrates appeared in the late Ordovician and became common in the Devonian, often known as the "Age of Fishes". The two groups of  bony fishes, the actinopterygii and sarcopterygii, evolved and became common. The Devonian also saw the demise of virtually all jawless fishes, save for lampreys and hagfish, as well as the Placodermi, a group of armoured fish that dominated much of the late Silurian. The Devonian also saw the rise of the first labyrinthodonts, which was a transitional between fishes and amphibians.
The colonisation of new niches resulted in diversification of body plans and sometimes an increase in size. The Devonian Period (395 to 345 Ma) brought in such giants as the placoderm Dunkleosteus, which could grow up to seven meters long, and early air-breathing fish that could remain on land for extended periods. Among this latter group were ancestral amphibians.
The reptiles appeared from labyrinthodonts in the subsequent Carboniferous period. The anapsid and synapsid amniotas were common during the late Paleozoic, while the diapsids became dominant during the Mesozoic. In the sea, the bony fishes became dominant.
The later radiations, such as those of fish in the Silurian and Devonian periods, involved fewer taxa, mainly with very similar body plans. The first animals to venture onto dry land were arthropods. Some fish had lungs and strong, bony fins and could crawl onto the land also.

Jawless fishes
Jawless fishes belong to the superclass Agnatha in the phylum Chordata, subphylum Vertebrata. Agnatha comes from the Greek, and means "no jaws". It excludes all vertebrates with jaws, known as gnathostomes. Although a minor element of modern marine fauna, jawless fish were prominent among the early fish in the early Paleozoic. Two types of Early Cambrian animal which apparently had fins, vertebrate musculature, and gills are known from the early Cambrian Maotianshan shales of China: Haikouichthys and Myllokunmingia. They have been tentatively assigned to Agnatha by Janvier. A third possible agnathid from the same region is Haikouella. Another possible agnathid that has not been formally described was reported by Simonetti from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia.Many Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian agnathians were armoured with heavy, bony, and often elaborately sculpted, plates derived from mineralized scales. The first armoured agnathans—the Ostracoderms, precursors to the bony fish and hence to the tetrapods (including humans)—are known from the middle Ordovician, and by the Late Silurian the agnathans had reached the high point of their evolution. Most of the ostracoderms, such as thelodonts, osteostracans, and galeaspids, were more closely related to the gnathostomes than to the surviving agnathans, known as cyclostomes. Cyclostomes apparently split from other agnathans before the evolution of dentine and bone, which are present in many fossil agnathans, including conodonts. Agnathans declined in the Devonian and never recovered.
The agnathans as a whole are paraphyletic, because most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group of gnathostomes. Recent molecular data, both from rRNA and from mtDNA strongly supports the theory that living agnathans, known as cyclostomes, are monophyletic. In phylogenetic taxonomy, the relationships between animals are not typically divided into ranks, but illustrated as a nested "family tree" known as a cladogram. Phylogenetic groups are given definitions based on their relationship to one another, rather than purely on physical traits such as the presence of a backbone. This nesting pattern is often combined with traditional taxonomy, in a practice known as evolutionary taxonomy.

The cladogram below for jawless fish is based on studies compiled by Philippe Janvier and others for the Tree of Life Web Project. († = group is extinct)

†Conodonts
Conodonts resembled primitive jawless eels. They appeared 520 Ma and were wiped out 200 Ma. Initially they were known only from tooth-like microfossils called conodont elements. These "teeth" have been variously interpreted as filter-feeding apparatuses or as a "grasping and crushing array". Conodonts ranged in length from a centimeter to the 40 cm Promissum. Their large eyes had a lateral position, which makes a predatory role unlikely. The preserved musculature hints that some conodonts (Promissum at least) were efficient cruisers but incapable of bursts of speed. In 2012 researchers classified the conodonts in the phylum Chordata on the basis of their fins with fin rays, chevron-shaped muscles and notochord. Some researchers see them as vertebrates similar in appearance to modern hagfish and lampreys, though phylogenetic analysis suggests that they are more derived than either of these groups.

†Ostracoderms
Ostracoderms (shell-skinned) are armoured jawless fishes of the Paleozoic. The term does not often appear in classifications today because it is paraphyletic or polyphyletic, and has no phylogenetic meaning. However, the term is still used informally to group together the armoured jawless fishes.
The ostracoderm armour consisted of 3–5 mm polygonal plates that shielded the head and gills, and then overlapped further down the body like scales. The eyes were particularly shielded. Earlier chordates used their gills for both respiration and feeding, whereas ostracoderms used their gills for respiration only. They had up to eight separate pharyngeal gill pouches along the side of the head, which were permanently open with no protective operculum. Unlike invertebrates that use ciliated motion to move food, ostracoderms used their muscular pharynx to create a suction that pulled small and slow moving prey into their mouths.
The first fossil fishes that were discovered were ostracoderms. The Swiss anatomist Louis Agassiz received some fossils of bony armored fish from Scotland in the 1830s. He had a hard time classifying them as they did not resemble any living creature. He compared them at first with extant armored fish such as catfish and sturgeons but later realizing that they had no movable jaws, classified them in 1844 into a new group "ostracoderms".Ostracoderms existed in two major groups, the more primitive heterostracans and the cephalaspids. Later, about 420 million years ago, the jawed fish evolved from one of the ostracoderms. After the appearance of jawed fish, most ostracoderm species underwent a decline, and the last ostracoderms became extinct at the end of the Devonian period.

Jawed fish
The vertebrate jaw probably originally evolved in the Silurian period and appeared in the Placoderm fish, which further diversified in the Devonian. The two most anterior pharyngeal arches are thought to have become the jaw itself and the hyoid arch, respectively. The hyoid system suspends the jaw from the braincase of the skull, permitting great mobility of the jaws. Already long assumed to be a paraphyletic assemblage leading to more derived gnathostomes, the discovery of Entelognathus suggests that placoderms are directly ancestral to modern bony fish.
As in most vertebrates, fish jaws are bony or cartilaginous and oppose vertically, comprising an upper jaw and a lower jaw. The jaw is derived from the most anterior two pharyngeal arches supporting the gills, and usually bears numerous teeth. The skull of the last common ancestor of today's jawed vertebrates is assumed to have resembled sharks.It is thought that the original selective advantages offered by the jaw were not related to feeding, but to increases in respiration efficiency. The jaws were used in the buccal pump (observable in modern fish and amphibians) that pumps water across the gills of fish or air into the lungs in the case of amphibians. Over evolutionary time the more familiar use of jaws (to humans) in feeding was selected for and became a very important function in vertebrates. Many teleost fish have substantially modified their jaws for suction feeding and jaw protrusion, resulting in highly complex jaws with dozens of bones involved.
Jawed vertebrates and jawed fish evolved from earlier jawless fish, and the cladogram below for jawed vertebrates is a continuation of the cladogram in the section above. († = group is extinct)

†Placoderms
Placoderms, class Placodermi (plate skinned), are extinct armoured prehistoric fish, which appeared about 430 Ma in the Early to Middle Silurian. They were mostly wiped out during the Late Devonian Extinction event, 378 Ma, though some survived and made a slight recovery in diversity during the Famennian epoch before dying out entirely at the close of the Devonian, 360 mya; they are ultimately ancestral to modern gnathostome vertebrates. Their head and thorax were covered with massive and often ornamented armoured plates. The rest of the body was scaled or naked, depending on the species. The armour shield was articulated, with the head armour hinged to the thoratic armour. This allowed placoderms to lift their heads, unlike ostracoderms. Placoderms were the first jawed fish; their jaws likely evolved from the first of their gill arches. The chart on the right shows the rise and demise of the separate placoderm lineages: Acanthothoraci,  Rhenanida,  Antiarchi,  Petalichthyidae,  Ptyctodontida and Arthrodira.

†Spiny sharks
Spiny sharks, class Acanthodii, are extinct fishes that share features with both bony and cartilaginous fishes, though ultimately more closely related to and ancestral to the latter. Despite being called "spiny sharks", acanthodians predate sharks, though they gave rise to them. They evolved in the sea at the beginning of the Silurian Period, some 50 million years before the first sharks appeared. Eventually competition from bony fishes proved too much, and the spiny sharks died out in Permian times about 250 Ma. In form they resembled sharks, but their epidermis was covered with tiny rhomboid platelets like the scales of holosteans (gars, bowfins).

Cartilaginous fishes
Cartilaginous fishes, class Chondrichthyes, consisting of sharks, rays and chimaeras, appeared by about 395 million years ago, in the middle Devonian, evolving from acanthodians. The class contains the sub classes Holocephali (chimaera) and Elasmobranchii (sharks and rays). The radiation of elasmobranches in the chart on the right is divided into the taxa: Cladoselache, Eugeneodontiformes, Symmoriida, Xenacanthiformes, Ctenacanthiformes, Hybodontiformes, Galeomorphi, Squaliformes and Batoidea.

Bony fishes
Bony fishes, class Osteichthyes, are characterised by bony skeleton rather than cartilage. They appeared in the late Silurian, about 419 million years ago. The recent discovery of Entelognathus strongly suggests that bony fishes (and possibly cartilaginous fishes, via acanthodians) evolved from early placoderms. A subclass of the Osteichthyes, the ray-finned fishes (Actinopterygii), have become the dominant group of fishes in the post-Paleozoic and modern world, with some 30,000 living species.
The bony (and cartilaginous) fish groups that emerged after the Devonian, were characterised by steady improvements in foraging and locomotion.

Lobe-finned fishes
Lobe-finned fishes, fish belonging to the class Sarcopterygii, are mostly extinct bony fishes, basally characterised by robust and stubby lobe fins containing a robust internal skeleton, cosmoid scales and internal nostrils. Their fins are fleshy, lobed, paired fins, joined to the body by a single bone. The fins of lobe-finned fish differ from those of all other fish in that each is borne on a fleshy, lobelike, scaly stalk extending from the body. The pectoral and pelvic fins are articulated in ways resembling the tetrapod limbs they were the precursors to. The fins evolved into the legs of the first tetrapod land vertebrates, amphibians. They also possess two dorsal fins with separate bases, as opposed to the single dorsal fin of ray-finned fish. The braincase of lobe-finned fishes primitively has a hinge line, but this is lost in tetrapods and lungfish. Many early lobe-finned fishes have a symmetrical tail. All lobe-finned fishes possess teeth covered with true enamel.
Lobe-finned fishes, such as coelacanths and lungfish, were the most diverse group of bony fishes in the Devonian. Taxonomists who subscribe to the cladistic approach include the grouping Tetrapoda within the Sarcopterygii, and the tetrapods in turn include all species of four-limbed vertebrates. The fin-limbs of lobe-finned fishes such as the coelacanths show a strong similarity to the expected ancestral form of tetrapod limbs. The lobe-finned fish apparently followed two different lines of development and are accordingly separated into two subclasses, the Rhipidistia (including the lungfish, and the Tetrapodomorpha, which include the Tetrapoda) and the Actinistia (coelacanths). The first lobe-finned fishes, found in the uppermost Silurian (ca 418 Ma), closely resembled spiny sharks, which became extinct at the end of the Paleozoic. In the early–middle Devonian (416 - 385 Ma), while the predatory placoderms dominated the seas, some lobe-finned fishes came into freshwater habitats.

In the Early Devonian (416-397 Ma), the lobe-finned fishes split into two main lineages — the coelacanths and the rhipidistians. The former never left the oceans and their heyday was the Late Devonian and Carboniferous, from 385 to 299 Ma, as they were more common during those periods than in any other period in the Phanerozoic; coelacanths still live today in the oceans (genus Latimeria). The Rhipidistians, whose ancestors probably lived in estuaries, migrated into freshwater habitats. They in turn split into two major groups: the lungfish and the tetrapodomorphs. The lungfish's greatest diversity was in the Triassic period; today there are fewer than a dozen genera left. The lungfish evolved the first proto-lungs and proto-limbs, developing the ability to live outside a water environment in the middle Devonian (397-385 Ma). The first tetrapodomorphs, which included the gigantic rhizodonts, had the same general anatomy as the lungfish, who were their closest kin, but they appear not to have left their water habitat until the late Devonian epoch (385 - 359 Ma), with the appearance of tetrapods (four-legged vertebrates). Tetrapods are the only tetrapodomorphs that survived after the Devonian. Lobe-finned fishes continued until towards the end of Paleozoic era, suffering heavy losses during the Permian-Triassic extinction event (251 Ma).

Ray-finned fishes
Ray-finned fishes, class Actinopterygii, differ from lobe-finned fishes in that their fins consist of webs of skin supported by spines ("rays") made of bone or horn. There are other differences in respiratory and circulatory structures. Ray-finned fishes normally have skeletons made from true bone, though this is not true of sturgeons and paddlefishes.Ray-finned fishes are the dominant vertebrate group, containing half of all known vertebrate species. They inhabit abyssal depths in the sea, coastal inlets and freshwater rivers and lakes, and are a major source of food for humans.

Timeline
The Late Devonian extinctions played a crucial role in shaping the evolution of fish, or vertebrates in general. Fishes evolved during the Early Paleozoic, and in the Devonian all modern groups (Agnatha, Chondrichthyes, and Osteichthyes) were already present. Devonian aquatic environments were also marked by placoderms and acanthodians, which are only known from fossils, however. After suffering large losses during the Late Devonian extinctions, cartilaginous fishes (Chondrichthyes) and the Actinopterygii among the bony fishes (Osteichthyes) diversified.The sections below describe the pre-Devonian origin of fish, their Devonian radiation, including the conquer of land by early tetrapods, and the post-Devonian evolution of fishes.

Pre Devonian: Origin of fish
Devonian: Age of fish
The Devonian Period is broken into the Early, Middle and Late Devonian. By the start of the Early Devonian 419 mya, jawed fishes had divided into four distinct clades: the placoderms and spiny sharks, both of which are now extinct, and the cartilaginous and bony fishes, both of which are still extant. The modern bony fish, class Osteichthyes, appeared in the late Silurian or early Devonian, about 416 million years ago. Both the cartilaginous and bony fish may have arisen from either the placoderms or the spiny sharks. A subclass of bony fish, the ray-finned fishes (Actinopterygii), have become the dominant group in the post-Paleozoic and modern world, with some 30,000 living species.
Sea levels in the Devonian were generally high. Marine faunas were dominated by bryozoa, diverse and abundant brachiopods, the enigmatic hederelloids, microconchids and corals. Lily-like crinoids were abundant, and trilobites were still fairly common. Among vertebrates, jawless armoured fish (ostracoderms) declined in diversity, while the jawed fish (gnathostomes) simultaneously increased in both the sea and fresh water. Armoured placoderms were numerous during the lower stages of the Devonian Period but became extinct in the Late Devonian, perhaps because of competition for food against the other fish species. Early cartilaginous (Chondrichthyes) and bony fish (Osteichthyes) also become diverse and played a large role within the Devonian seas. The first abundant genus of shark,  Cladoselache, appeared in the oceans during the Devonian Period. The great diversity of fish around at the time have led to the Devonian being given the name "The Age of Fish" in popular culture.
The first ray-finned and lobe-finned bony fish appeared in the Devonian, while the placoderms began dominating almost every known aquatic environment. However, another subclass of Osteichthyes, the Sarcopterygii, including lobe-finned fish including coelacanths and lungfish) and tetrapods, was the most diverse group of bony fish in the Devonian. Sarcopterygians are basally characterized by internal nostrils, lobe fins containing a robust internal skeleton, and cosmoid scales.
During the Middle Devonian 393–383 Ma, the armoured jawless ostracoderm fish were declining in diversity; the jawed fish were thriving and increasing in diversity in both the oceans and freshwater. The shallow, warm, oxygen-depleted waters of Devonian inland lakes, surrounded by primitive plants, provided the environment necessary for certain early fish to develop essential characteristics such as well developed lungs and the ability to crawl out of the water and onto the land for short periods of time. Cartilaginous fish, class Chondrichthyes, consisting of sharks, rays and chimaeras, appeared by about 395 million years ago, in the middle Devonian
During the Late Devonian the first forests were taking shape on land. The first tetrapods appear in the fossil record over a period, the beginning and end of which are marked with extinction events. This lasted until the end of the Devonian 359 mya. The ancestors of all tetrapods began adapting to walking on land, their strong pectoral and pelvic fins gradually evolved into legs (see Tiktaalik). In the oceans, primitive sharks became more numerous than in the Silurian and the late Ordovician. The first ammonite mollusks appeared. Trilobites, the mollusk-like brachiopods and the great coral reefs, were still common.
The Late Devonian extinction occurred at the beginning of the last phase of the Devonian period, the Famennian faunal stage, (the Frasnian-Famennian boundary), about 372.2 Ma. Many fossil agnathan fish, save for the psammosteid heterostracans, make their last appearance shortly before this event. The Late Devonian extinction crisis primarily affected the marine community, and selectively affected shallow warm-water organisms rather than cool-water organisms. The most important group affected by this extinction event were the reef-builders of the great Devonian reef-systems.
A second extinction pulse, the Hangenberg event closed the Devonian period and had a dramatic impact on vertebrate faunas. Placoderms mostly became extinct during this event, as did most members of other groups including lobe-finned fish, acanthodians and early tetrapods in both marine and terrestrial habitats, leaving only a handful of survivors. This event has been related to glaciation in the temperate and polar zones as well as euxinia and anoxia in the seas.

Fish to tetrapods
The first tetrapods are four-legged, air-breathing, terrestrial animals from which the land vertebrates descended, including humans. They evolved from lobe-finned fish of the clade Sarcopterygii, appearing in coastal water in the middle Devonian, and giving rise to the first amphibians.The group of lobe-finned fishes that were the ancestors of the tetrapod are grouped together as the Rhipidistia, and the first tetrapods evolved from these fish over the relatively short timespan 385–360 Ma. The early tetrapod groups themselves are grouped as Labyrinthodontia. They retained aquatic, fry-like tadpoles, a system still seen in modern amphibians. From the 1950s to the early 1980s it was thought that tetrapods evolved from fish that had already acquired the ability to crawl on land, possibly so they could go from a pool that was drying out to one that was deeper. However, in 1987, nearly complete fossils of Acanthostega from about 363 Ma showed that this Late Devonian transitional animal had legs and both lungs and gills, but could never have survived on land: its limbs and its wrist and ankle joints were too weak to bear its weight; its ribs were too short to prevent its lungs from being squeezed flat by its weight; its fish-like tail fin would have been damaged by dragging on the ground. The current hypothesis is that Acanthostega, which was about 1 metre (3.3 ft) long, was a wholly aquatic predator that hunted in shallow water. Its skeleton differed from that of most fish, in ways that enabled it to raise its head to breathe air while its body remained submerged, including: its jaws show modifications that would have enabled it to gulp air; the bones at the back of its skull are locked together, providing strong attachment points for muscles that raised its head; the head is not joined to the shoulder girdle and it has a distinct neck.

The Devonian proliferation of land plants may help to explain why air-breathing would have been an advantage: leaves falling into streams and rivers would have encouraged the growth of aquatic vegetation; this would have attracted grazing invertebrates and small fish that preyed on them; they would have been attractive prey but the environment was unsuitable for the big marine predatory fish; air-breathing would have been necessary because these waters would have been short of oxygen, since warm water holds less dissolved oxygen than cooler marine water and since the decomposition of vegetation would have used some of the oxygen.There are three major hypotheses as to how tetrapods evolved their stubby fins (proto-limbs). The traditional explanation is the "shrinking waterhole hypothesis" or "desert hypothesis" posited by the American paleontologist Alfred Romer. He believed limbs and lungs may have evolved from the necessity of having to find new bodies of water as old waterholes dried up.The second hypothesis is the "inter-tidal hypothesis" put forward in 2010 by a team of Polish paleontologists led by Grzegorz Niedźwiedzki. They argued that sarcopterygians may have first emerged unto land from intertidal zones rather than inland bodies of water. Their hypothesis is based on the discovery of the 395 million-year-old Zachełmie tracks in Zachełmie, Poland, the oldest ever discovered fossil evidence of tetrapods.The third hypothesis, the "woodland hypothesis", was proposed by the American paleontologist Gregory J. Retallack in 2011. He argues that limbs may have developed in shallow bodies of water in woodlands as a means of navigating in environments filled with roots and vegetation. He based his conclusions on the evidence that transitional tetrapod fossils are consistently found in habitats that were formerly humid and wooded floodplains.Research by Jennifer A. Clack and her colleagues showed that the very earliest tetrapods, animals similar to Acanthostega, were wholly aquatic and quite unsuited to life on land. This is in contrast to the earlier view that fish had first invaded the land — either in search of prey (like modern mudskippers) or to find water when the pond they lived in dried out — and later evolved legs, lungs, etc.
Two ideas about the homology of arms, hands and digits have existed in the past 130 years. First that digits are unique to tetrapods  and second that antecedents were present in the fins of early sarcopterygian fish. Until recently it was believed that "genetic and fossil data support the hypothesis that digits are evolutionary novelties".p. 640. However new research that created a three-dimensional reconstruction of Panderichthys, a coastal fish from the Devonian period 385 million years ago, shows that these animals already had many of the homologous bones present in the forelimbs of limbed vertebrates. For example, they had radial bones similar to rudimentary fingers but positioned in the arm-like base of their fins.  Thus there was in the evolution of tetrapods a shift such that the outermost part of the fins were lost and eventually replaced by early digits. This change is consistent with additional evidence from the study of actinopterygians, sharks and lungfish that the digits of tetrapods arose from pre-existing distal radials present in more primitive fish. Controversy still exists since Tiktaalik, a vertebrate often considered the missing link between fishes and land-living animals, had stubby leg-like limbs that lacked the finger-like radial bones found in the Panderichthys. The researchers of the paper commented that it "is difficult to say whether this character distribution implies that Tiktaalik is autapomorphic, that Panderichthys and tetrapods are convergent, or that Panderichthys is closer to tetrapods than Tiktaalik. At any rate, it demonstrates that the fish–tetrapod transition was accompanied by significant character incongruence in functionally important structures.".p. 638.From the end of the Devonian to the Mid Carboniferous a 30 million year gap occurs in the fossil record. This gap, called Romer's gap, is marked by the absence of ancestral tetrapod fossils and fossils of other vertebrates that look well-adapted for life on land.

By the late Devonian, land plants had stabilized freshwater habitats, allowing the first wetland ecosystems to develop, with increasingly complex food webs that afforded new opportunities. Freshwater habitats were not the only places to find water filled with organic matter and choked with plants with dense vegetation near the water's edge. Swampy habitats like shallow wetlands, coastal lagoons and large brackish river deltas also existed at this time, and there is much to suggest that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved. Early fossil tetrapods have been found in marine sediments, and because fossils of primitive tetrapods in general are found scattered all around the world, they must have spread by following the coastal lines — they could not have lived in freshwater only.

Fossil Illuminates Evolution of Limbs from Fins Scientific American, 2 2 April 2004.

Post Devonian
During the Carboniferous period, fish diversity seemingly declined and reached low levels during the Permian period.
The Mesozoic Era began about 252 million years ago in the wake of the Permian-Triassic event, the largest mass extinction in Earth's history, and ended about 66 million years ago with the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, another mass extinction that killed off non-avian dinosaurs, as well as other plant and animal species. It is often referred to as the Age of Reptiles because reptiles were the dominant vertebrates of the time. The Mesozoic witnessed the gradual rifting of the supercontinent Pangaea into separate landmasses. The climate alternated between warming and cooling periods; overall the Earth was hotter than it is today. Bony fishes remained largely unaffected by the Permian-Triassic extinction event.
The Mesozoic saw the diversification of neopterygian fishes, the clade that consists of holostean and teleost fishes. Most of them belong were small in size. The diversity of body shape variety in Triassic, Jurassic, and Early Cretaceous neopterygian fishes has been documented, revealing that the accumulation of novel body shapes in teleost fishes was predominantly gradual throughout this 150 million year period (250Mya - 100Mya). Holostean fishes appear to accumulate body shape variety (so called disparity) between the early Triassic and Toarcian, after which the amount of variety seen among their body shapes remained stable until the end of the Early Cretaceous.

Prehistoric fish
Prehistoric fish are early fish that are known only from fossil records. They are the earliest known vertebrates, and include the first and extinct fish that lived through the Cambrian to the Tertiary. The study of prehistoric fish is called paleoichthyology. A few living forms, such as the coelacanth are also referred to as prehistoric fish, or even living fossils, due to their current rarity and similarity to extinct forms. Fish that have become recently extinct are not usually referred to as prehistoric fish.

Living fossils
The coelacanth was thought to have gone extinct 66 million years ago, until a living specimen belonging to the order was discovered in 1938 off the coast of South Africa.

Fossil sites
Some fossil sites that have produced notable fish fossils

Fossil collections
Some notable fossil fish collections.

Paleoichthyologists
Paleoichthyology is the scientific study of the prehistoric life of fish. Listed below are some researchers who have made notable contributions to paleoichthyology.

See also
Comparative anatomy
Convergent evolution in fish
Evolution of paired fins
Ichthyolith
List of years in paleontology
Old Red Sandstone
Parodies of the ichthys symbol
Prehistoric life
Walking fish - fish with tetrapod-like features
Vertebrate paleontology

References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Benton MJ (1998) "The quality of the fossil record of the vertebrates" Pages 269–303 in Donovan, SK and Paul CRC (eds), The adequacy of the fossil record. Wiley. ISBN 9780471969884.
Cloutier R (2010). "The fossil record of fish ontogenies: Insights into developmental patterns and processes" (PDF). Seminars in Cell & Developmental Biology. 21 (4): 400–413. doi:10.1016/j.semcdb.2009.11.004. PMID 19914384.
Janvier, Philippe (1998) Early Vertebrates, Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-854047-7
Long, John A. (1996) The Rise of Fishes: 500 Million Years of Evolution Johns Hopkins University Press. ISBN 0-8018-5438-5
McKenzie DJ, Farrell AP and Brauner CJ (2011) Fish Physiology: Primitive Fishes Academic Press. ISBN 9780080549521.
Maisey JG (1996) Discovering fossil fishes Holt. ISBN 9780805043662.
Near, T.J.; Dornburg, A.; Eytan, R.I.; Keck, B.P.; Smith, W.L.; Kuhn, K.L.; Moore, J.A.; Price, S.A.; Burbrink, F.T.; Friedman, M. (2013). "Phylogeny and tempo of diversification in the superradiation of spiny-rayed fishes". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 110 (31): 12738–12743. Bibcode:2013PNAS..11012738N. doi:10.1073/pnas.1304661110. PMC 3732986. PMID 23858462.
Shubin, Neil (2009) Your inner fish: A journey into the 3.5-billion-year history of the human body Vintage Books. ISBN 9780307277459.
Introduction to the Vertebrates Museum of Palaeontology, University of California.

External links
Fossil Fish
Origins of Fish
Overview of evolution – Carl Sagan
The Origin of Vertebrates Marc W. Kirschner, iBioSeminars.
150 Million Years of Fish Evolution in One Handy Figure ScientificAmerican, 29 August 2013.
Age Of Fishes Museum, Canowindra - a permanent exhibition some of the best of the thousands of fossils dating from the Devonian Period found nearby.Dov ben Samuel Baer was a Polish Ḥasidic writer of the end of the 18th century.
He is the author of Shibḥei ha-Besht (Praises of Israel Ba'al Shem-Ṭob), which his son Judah Löb published after his death, in 1815. The book, which is a collection of the legends current in Ḥasidic circles about the founder of Ḥasidism, is also of great historical value. Baer, being a son-in-law of the Alexander who was for several years a secretary of the Besht, received from his father-in-law valuable information on the origin of Ḥasidism, and on the founder of the sect; hence his book is almost the only source of authentic information on those subjects. The book exists in two different versions, one being the Kopys edition (1815), and the other being that of Berdychiv of the same year; in the latter many legends are omitted which are found in the former, especially those that might give offense on account of their extraordinary nature. Later editions, of which there are perhaps twelve, follow either of these editions, and some are combinations of the two.

Sources
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Singer, Isidore;  et al., eds. (1901–1906). "Dob B Samuel Baer". The Jewish Encyclopedia. New York: Funk & Wagnalls.

External links
Historical analysis of Shivhei HaBesht by Moshe Rosman, hasidicstories.comCercosaura hypnoides is a species of lizard in the family Gymnophthalmidae. It is endemic to Colombia.


Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) is a division of the American Chemical Society. It is a source of chemical information. CAS is located in Columbus, Ohio, United States.

Print periodicals
Chemical Abstracts is a periodical index that provides numerous tools such as SciFinder as well as tagged keywords, summaries, indexes of disclosures, and structures of compounds in recently published scientific documents. Approximately 8,000 journals, technical reports, dissertations, conference proceedings, and new books, available in at least 50 different languages, are monitored yearly, as are patent specifications from 27 countries and two international organizations. Chemical Abstracts ceased print publication on January 1, 2010.

Databases
The two principal databases that support the different products are CAplus and Registry.

CAS References
CAS References consists of bibliographic information and abstracts for all articles in chemical journals worldwide, and chemistry-related articles from all scientific journals, patents, and other scientific publications.

Registry
Registry contains information on more than 130 million organic and inorganic substances, and more than 64 million protein and nucleic acid sequences. The sequence information comes from CAS and GenBank, produced by the National Institutes of Health. The chemical information is produced by CAS, and is prepared by the CAS Registry System, which identifies each compound with a specific CAS registry number, index name, and graphic representation of its chemical structure.
The assignment of chemical names is done according to the chemical nomenclature rules for CA index names, which is slightly different from the internationally standard IUPAC names, according to the rules of IUPAC.

Products
CAS databases are available via two principal database systems, STN, and SciFinder.

STN
STN (Scientific & Technical Information Network) International is operated jointly by CAS and FIZ Karlsruhe, and is intended primarily for information professionals, using a command language interface. In addition to CAS databases, STN also provides access to many other databases, similar to Dialog.

SciFinder
SciFinder is a database of chemical and bibliographic information. Originally a client application, a web version was released in 2008. It has a graphical interface, and can be searched for chemical structures and reactions as well as literature in chemistry and related disciplines.
The client version is for chemists in commercial organizations. Versions for both the Windows and MacOS operating systems exist. SciFinder Scholar is for universities and other academic institutions.

CASSI
CASSI stands for Chemical Abstracts Service Source Index. Since 2009, this formerly print and CD-ROM compilation is available as a free online resource to look up and confirm publication information. The online CASSI Search Tool provides titles and abbreviations, CODEN, ISSN, publisher, and date of first issue (history) for a selected journal. Also included is its language of text and language of summaries.The range is from 1907 to the present, including both serial and non-serial scientific and technical publications. The database is updated quarterly.Beyond CASSI lists abbreviated journal titles from early chemical literature and other historical reference sources.

History
Chemical Abstracts (CA) began as a volunteer effort and developed from there. The use of volunteer abstractors was phased out in 1994. Chemical Abstracts has been associated with the American Chemical Society in one way or another since 1907.For many years, beginning in 1909, the offices of Chemical Abstracts were housed in various places on the Columbus, Ohio campus of Ohio State University, including McPherson Laboratory and Watts Hall. In 1965, CAS moved to a new 50-acre (200,000 m2) site on the west bank of the Olentangy River, just north of The Ohio State campus. This campus became well known in the Columbus area and famous as the site of many Columbus Symphony Orchestra pop concerts. In 2009, the campus consisted of three buildings.
In 1907, William A. Noyes had enlarged the Review of American Chemical Research, an abstracting publication begun by Arthur Noyes in 1895 that was the forerunner of Chemical Abstracts. When it became evident that a separate publication containing these abstracts was needed, Noyes became the first editor of the new publication, Chemical Abstracts.
E. J. Crane became the first Director of Chemical Abstracts Service when it became an American Chemical Society division in 1956. Crane had been CA editor since 1915, and his dedication was a key factor in its long-term success.
Dale B. Baker became the CAS Director upon Crane's retirement in 1958. According to CAS, his visionary view of CAS' potential "led to expansion, modernization, and the forging of international alliances with other information organizations." CAS was an early leader in the use of computer technology to organize and disseminate information.The CAS Chemical Registry System was introduced in 1965. CAS developed a unique registry number to identify chemical substances. Agencies such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and local fire departments around the world now rely on these numbers for the definite identification of substances. According to the ACS, this is the largest chemical substance database in the world.
In 2007, the ACS designated its Chemical Abstracts Service subdivision an ACS National Historic Chemical Landmark in recognition of its significance as a comprehensive repository of research in chemistry and related sciences.In 2021, CAS rebranded along with a change in logo. The organization updated their mission to be more focused on dynamic responsiveness due to ongoing changes within scientific industries and communities.

See also
References
External links
Official websiteLoch Laggan is a freshwater loch situated approximately 6+1⁄2 mi (10.5 km) west of Dalwhinnie in the Scottish Highlands. The loch has an irregular shape, runs nearly northeast to southwest and is approximately 7 mi (11 km) in length. It has an average depth of 68 ft (21 m) and is 174 ft (53 m) at its deepest. The eastern end of the loch features the largest freshwater beach in Britain. Since 1934 Loch Laggan has been part of the Lochaber hydro-electric scheme.  At the northeast end of the loch is the hamlet of Kinloch Laggan.
The loch was surveyed on 2 and 3 of June 1902 by Sir John Murray, T.R.N. Johnston, James Parsons and James Murray and was later charted as part of the Bathymetrical Survey of Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland 1897-1909.
The A86 road from Spean Bridge to Kingussie follows the loch's north shore. The River Pattack flows into the head of the loch just below the road bridge at Kinloch Laggan. The boundary of the Cairngorms National Park wraps around the head of the loch. A short section of the River Spean connects the natural loch with the reservoir downstream and this river continues westwards below Laggan Dam. Two other substantial watercourses empty into the loch, the Allt Labhrach which drains Lochan na h-Earba which lies southeast of Loch Laggan and Allt Coire Ardair which rises beneath Creag Meagaidh. The remains of an island dwelling lie in the middle of the loch near Ardverikie.The loch featured in the popular BBC series Monarch of the Glen as Loch Bogle.

Popular culture
Loch Laggan (mostly its castle) is featured in the Temeraire series of novels, being used as a base to raise dragons, because of geothermal heat sources.
Some scenes for Monarch of the Glen were filmed on the shores of the loch.During summer 2019, filming for No Time to Die was taking place in and near the Cairngorms National Park. Some scenes were also being shot at the Ardverikie House Estate and on the banks of Loch Laggan.The Loch lends its name to The Laggan, a Scottish folk band, active in the 1960s and 70s who released a series of records and performed internationally.

Gallery
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom


Aiglon College is a private co-educational boarding school in Switzerland, broadly modelled on British boarding school lines. It is an independent, non-profit school located in the Swiss Alps. It is located 60 km from Lausanne in the alpine village of Chesieres, near the ski resort of Villars, in the canton of Vaud.

History
The school was founded in 1949 by John C. Corlette, who was a teacher at Gordonstoun, where he was influenced by that school's founder, Kurt Hahn. Corlette established principles and practices that were aligned with Hahn's emphasis on the place of adventure and service in education. Aiglon College, alongside Gordonstoun, Schule Schloss Salem, Abbotsholme School, Box Hill School and Anavryta Experimental Lyceum, was a founding member of the Round Square, established to promote Hahnian values and links between schools that embraced Hahn's educational principles.
The school began with six students and, save for a few exceptions, remained a boys' school until 1968, when it became fully co-educational.

Administration and organization
Aiglon College Junior School caters for boys and girls in years 5 to 8 (US grades 4–7). The Senior School caters for students in years 9 to 13 (US Grades 8–12). Students are prepared for GCSE and IGCSE examinations at the end of year 11 (Grade 10) and for the International Baccalaureate in the final two years. Throughout the school, the curriculum is taught in English, with the exception of languages and literature.All students are required to take part in expeditions every term. These include hiking, camping, mountain biking, kayaking, rock-climbing, ski mountaineering, and other outdoor challenges.The school is run by a volunteer Board of Directors who oversee the school’s strategic direction and continued alignment with its founding principles. The school’s senior management team responsible for its day-to-day management is called the School Council and is led by the Head of School.

Accreditation
Switzerland
The college's (upper) secondary education (Middle and High School) is not approved as a Mittelschule/Collège/Liceo by the Swiss Federal State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI).

International
Aiglon College is accredited by the following international bodies:

The Council for International Schools (CIS) 
New England Association for Schools and Colleges (NEASC)
International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO)

Campus
Aiglon’s campus is located in the village of Chesières and consists of approximately 40 different buildings and chalets spread across approximately 60,000 m2. The school currently has eight senior boarding houses and two junior houses. The village campus is a combination of existing chalets and renovated hotels joined with purpose-built buildings. The school also owns a chapel that is located in the centre of the resort.

Notable alumni
Shaun Ellis Agar, 6th Earl of Normanton (1946–2019), British cavalry officer, professional powerboat racer, impresario and entrepreneur
David A. Anderson OC (Hon.), Canadian Member of Parliament, Queen's Privy Council (Ret), Olympian (Silver Medal, Rowing 1960)
Abhishek Bachchan, Indian actor, co-owner Chennaiyin F.C., member of the Bachchan family
Shashi Batra (1966–2017), American cosmetics industry executive. Co-Founder Sephora North America, Founder Credo Beauty
Marcus de la Poer Beresford, 7th Baron Decies, Irish solicitor, Chairman A&L Goodbody.
Sissy Biggers, American television personality and lifestyle expert.
Felix Bonnier, Swedish businessman, H&M, Bonnier Group, of the Bonnier family
Alfonso de Orléans-Borbón, Duke of Galliera, Spanish professional racing driver, founder of Racing Engineering
Eric J. Boswell, United States Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security and Director of the Office of Foreign Missions
Anthony Brooks, American journalist (NPR)
Struan Campbell-Smith, Canadian photographer
Count Enrico Marone Cinzano, Italian artist and furniture designer
Sir Coles Jeremy Child, British actor
Alfred Sursock Cochrane, Irish-Lebanese architect, member of the Sursock family
Henry Marc Sursock Cochrane, 4th Baronet Woodbrook, British banker (Hambros), member of the Sursock family
Alessandro E Corsini dei Principi Corsini, Marchese di Lajatico, Italian businessman, member of the Corsini family
Alastair Crooke CMG, British diplomat, founder and director of the Conflicts Forum
Ali Daud, Omani businessman, CEO of the Daud Group of Companies
John Doggart OBE, British architect, pioneer of solar housing and sustainable construction, Chairman Sustainable Energy Academy, Trustee National Energy Foundation
Andrés Duany, American architect and author
Annabel Fay, New Zealand pop singer, daughter of Sir Michael Fay
Gerald Feffer (1943–2013), American lawyer, former US Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Roger C. Field, British inventor; inventor of the Foldaxe folding electric guitar.
Marion Fischel, Israeli journalist (Jerusalem Post)
Ben Freeth, MBE, Zimbabwean farmer and human rights activist.
Jonell Galloway, American author, editor and publisher, food and wine expert
Jack Gerber, South African Formula One driver, Chairman Macsteel Group
Eric Gibson, American journalist, Wall Street Journal editor
Michel Gill, American actor (House of Cards)
Faris Glubb (1939–2004), British-Jordanian journalist and political activist, son of John Bagot Glubb
Sheherazade Goldsmith, British journalist, environmentalist and jeweller
Barry Golson, American author, former editor TV Guide and Playboy magazine
François Grosjean, French psycho-linguist, academic and author
Felix Grovit (1945–2018), Anglo-Indian foreign exchange tycoon
Gherardo Guarducci, New York restaurateur, President SA Hospitality Group
Patricia Gucci, British businesswoman and author, daughter of Aldo Gucci
Gordon Guillaumier, Italian designer
Michael Haggiag, American producer
Laura Harring, Countess von Bismarck-Schönhausen, Mexican-American actress, first Hispanic woman to be crowned Miss USA
Nigel Harris, British aviator, founder London Flight Centre Group and Montserrat Airways
Hans Hickler, American businessman and author, former CEO DHL Express
Anthony Hickox, British film director, producer and screenwriter
Michael Hippisley MBE, established the Samaritans in the Scottish prison system
Sir David Hoare, 9th Baronet, British banker (Hoares)
Howard Hodgson, British funeral industry executive, former CEO Ronson Products and Colibri International
Ken Howard (composer), English songwriter, lyricist, director and philanthropist. Co-Founder Sophisticated Games.
Pamela Huizenga, American jewellery designer, daughter of Wayne Huizenga
Bruce P. Jackson, American political strategist, founder and president of the Project on Transitional Democracies.
Geoffrey James, Canadian photographer and journalist
Tony Jashanmal, Kuwaiti-Indian businessman, Jashanmal Group
Elisabeth Jensen, American education advocate and politician
Michael Jewison, American producer
Terence Kearley, 3rd Viscount Devonport, British architect
Shaygan Kheradpir, American technology executive, former CTO of Verizon, former CEO of Juniper Networks
Simon Kidston, British classic car dealer, commentator and car collector
Karl Kirchwey, American poet
Bill Koch, American Olympian (Silver Medal, Cross-Country Skiing 1976)
Dion Kremer, British racing driver
Allen Kurzweil, American novelist, journalist and editor
Col (Ret) Denny Lane PhD, U.S. Army Special Forces, Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Attache Hall of Fame
Leka, Crown Prince of Albania (1939–2011)
Andrew Leslie, CMM MSC MSM CD, Canadian Member of Parliament, Canadian Forces Lieutenant-General, Chief of the Land Staff (Ret)
Lukas Lundin, Canadian businessman, Chairman Lundin Mining, Denison Mines, Lucara Diamond, NGEx Resources, Lundin Gold etc.
Richard Marcus, American actor
Alan Merrill (1951–2020), American composer and recording artist
Henry Milles-Lade, 5th Earl Sondes (1940–1996), British businessman (agriculture), Chairman Gillingham FC
Hamid Moghadam, American philanthropist and businessman, Chairman and CEO Prologis
Megan Moulton-Levy, Jamaican-American professional tennis player
Casey Murrow, American educator and philanthropist, son of Edward R. Murrow
Mainardo de Nardis, American businessman, former Global CEO OMD Worldwide
Jeffrey Nelson (1949–2015), American producer and director
Don Nunes, American journalist, Washington Post editor
Hank Palmieri (1954–1999), American filmmaker, founder and head of National Geographic's feature film division
Princess Marsi Paribatra of Thailand (1931–2013), artist, art historian and author
Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse, Irish diplomat (United Nations), owner Birr Castle, sponsor of the Irish Manuscripts Commission
The Hon. Martin Parsons (1938–2010), Irish-English businessman, founder of Womersley Foods
Cecilia Peck, American film producer, director, actress
Tony Peck, American actor and writer
Edoardo Ponti, Italian director/writer
Don Alessandro Pucci, Marchese di Barsento (1959–1998), Italian businessman, member of the Pucci family.
Hilary Saltzman (1961–2019), Canadian film producer, daughter of James Bond producer Harry Saltzman
Roger Sanders, British-American radiologist and author, pioneer of ultrasound technology
Fenton Sands, American international development expert, US Agency for International Development
Julio Mario Santo Domingo III, Colombian-American impresario and businessman, of the Santo Domingo family
Susan Schwab, American politician
Princess Alia Al-Senussi, Libyan-American academic and arts patron, daughter of Prince Idris bin Abdullah al-Senussi
Cora Sheibani, British jewellery designer
Rohan Sippy, Indian film producer and director
Paul Stewart, Scottish racing driver, son of Formula 1 driver Sir Jackie Stewart, co-founder Stewart Grand Prix (now Red Bull Racing)
Masaru Tamamoto, Japanese scholar, World Policy Institute senior fellow
Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark
Sebastiano Tecchio, Italian filmmaker and fine art photographer
James Thackara, British-American novelist
Michael Todman, American businessman, former Vice-Chairman Whirlpool Corp (Ret)
Heidi Ueberroth, American businesswoman, former president National Basketball Association International
Pieter van Doorne, Dutch businessman, co-founder Booking.com, co-founder Green Safaris
Gary Vidor, Australian businessman and hotelier, TOGA Group of Companies
Rod de Vletter, Swaziland environmental, conservation and eco-tourism specialist
Caroline Wallenberg, Swedish businesswoman and philanthropist, member of the Wallenberg family
Vivian White, British journalist and broadcaster
Dean Young, American cartoonist (Blondie)

References
External links
Aiglon College
Good Schools Guide InternationalGaeolaelaps is a genus of mite.

Species
Gaeolaelaps aculeifer (Canestrini, 1883)
Gaeolaelaps angusta (Karg, 1965)
Gaeolaelaps angustiscutatus (Willmann, 1951)
Gaeolaelaps deinos (Zeman, 1982)
Gaeolaelaps glabrosimilis (Hirschmann, Bernhard, Greim & Gotz, 1969)
Gaeolaelaps iranicus Kavianpour & Nemati, in Kavianpour, Nemati, Gwiazdowicz & Kocheili, 2013
Gaeolaelaps kargi (Costa, 1968)
Gaeolaelaps minor (Costa, 1968)
Gaeolaelaps nolli (Karg, 1962)
Gaeolaelaps oreithyiae (Walter & Oliver, 1989)
Gaeolaelaps praesternalis (Willmann, 1949)
Gaeolaelaps queenslandicus (Womersley, 1956)

References
External links
Encyclopedia of Life entryMahmoud Abou Rafeh is a Lebanese police officer accused of running a spy ring on behalf of Israel.

Arrest
On 10 June 2006 the Lebanese army arrested members of an alleged Israeli spy ring, including Mahmoud Rafeh, his wife, and two children. Police discovered bomb-making materials, code machines and other espionage equipment in his home. Rafeh reportedly confessed to the Majzoub killings and to working for Mossad, and admitted that his cell had assassinated two Hezbollah leaders in 1999 and 2003 and the son of Ahmed Jibril, leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command, in 2002. Prominent Lebanese politician and lead Cedar-Revolutionist Walid Jumblatt, a then-outspoken critic of Hezbollah, suspected that the exposure of the spy ring was a Hezbollah fabrication.


Sybra marmorea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1939.


Klaus-Peter Hildenbrand (born 11 September 1952 in Dörrebach) was a West German athlete who competed mainly in the 5000 metres.
In the 1974 European Athletics Championships, he placed eighth in the 5,000-metre final, about fifteen seconds behind the winner,
Great Britain's Brendan Foster.
He competed for West Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the 5000 metres where he won the bronze medal.  he had run the second fastest 5,000 metres in the world in 1976, after New Zealand's Dick Quax, who won the silver medal in that closely fought and dramatic race.  After running around the middle of the fourteen-man group, Hildenbrand took the lead shortly before 3,400 metres.  He kept it until he voluntarily surrendered it to Finland's Lasse Virén at 3,900 metres.  On the final back straight, he kicked furiously to draw level with New Zealand's Rodney Dixon at 4,800 metres.  At the start of the final bend, he briefly drew level or almost level with Virén.  On the second half of the final bend, Quax kicked past him to challenge Virén for the lead.  Throughout the home straight, Hildenbrand fought Dixon for the bronze.
In the final metres, he decided to ensure the bronze medal for himself by lunging across the finish line.  This helped him defeat Dixon by 0.12 seconds.

References
Further reading
"The Great European Championships Book" / Suuri EM-kirja, published in Finland in 1990
Antero Raevuori, "Lasse Viren:  The Gilded Spikes" / Lasse Viren:  Kullatut piikkarit, published in Finland in 1976
Matti Hannus, "The Montreal Olympic Book" / Montrealin Olympiakirja, published in Finland in 1976
Mauno Saari, "Lasse Viren:  The Secrets of Running" / Lasse Viren:  Juoksemisen salaisuudet, published in Finland in 1979This is a list of notable events in Latin music (music from Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking regions of Latin America, Latin Europe, and the United States) that took place in 2017.

Events
January–March
January 5 – Gerardo Ortiz breaks the record for most number ones by a solo artist on the Billboard Regional Mexican Songs chart. The singer placed his eight number one "Regresa Hermosa" on the January 14-dated chart, breaking the tie with Vicente Fernandez.
January 6 – In their annual report, Nielsen Soundscan found that overall sales of Latin albums and digitally purchased songs decreased compared to their previous report despite a strong increase in music streaming. With the continuing pattern of increased music streams, Latin music as a whole increased by 13.6% compared to 2015, thus making Latin music the third major genre in year-over-year growth following R&B and holiday music. The report also notes the discrepancy in musical styles between the bestselling Latin albums and singles of the year.
January 12 – Billboard updates the methodology for the Tropical Airplay chart to track airplay of tropical from Spanish-language radio stations Previously, the Tropical Airplay ranked the most-played songs on tropical radio stations of any genre.
January 24 – Alejandro Fernández's management team files a lawsuit against fellow Mexican singer Luis Miguel in breach of a contract and not paying back the money given to Miguel for the canceled tour that was set to launch last year.
January 31 – Beginning with the February 11-dated chart, Billboard's Top Latin Albums, Latin Pop Albums, Regional Mexican Albums, and its Tropical Albums charts allowed catalog entry into their respective genre-specific charts; a ban the company held for over a decade.
February 23 – The 29th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards are held at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida. Major winners include CNCO, Carlos Vives, Shakira and J Balvin.
March 15 – The 25th Annual ASCAP Latin Awards are held at the Condado Vanderbilt Hotel in San Juan, Puerto Rico. "Duele el Corazón" by Enrique Iglesias featuring Wisin is named Song of the Year while Joss Favela is recognized as Composer of the Year and Daddy Yankee receives the Composer/Artist of the Year award. Puerto Rican salsa group El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico receives the Latin Heritage Award and Puerto Rican-American rapper Vico C receives the Vanguard Award.
March 22 – The 24th BMI Latin Awards are held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hill California. "Ginza" by J Balvin is named Contemporary Latin Song of the Year while Gocho and Motiff are recognized as Contemporary Latin Songwriters of the Year. Mexican-American group Los Lobos receives the Icon Award.

April–June
April 24 – The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) reports growth in revenue in the Latin music industry in the United States for the first time since 2005. The growth is attributed to the rise of streaming audio.
April 27 – The Billboard Latin Music Awards of 2017 take place  at the Ritz Carlton in Miami, Florida. Reggaeton musician Nicky Jam is the biggest winner, with six awards.
May 2 – Mexican singer Luis Miguel is arrested by US marshals for not paying his former manager William Brockhaus over one million dollars following a court order in July 2016.
May 5 – For the first time since George W. Bush initiated the annual Cinco de Mayo event in 2001, no musician attends the event in Washington D.C. President Donald Trump does not attend the event, becoming the first president to not host the event. The event is instead hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.
May 13 – Portugal wins the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 – the country's first win since it began participating in 1964. It is the first winning song performed in a country's native language since Serbia's "Molitva" in 2007, and the first ever in Portuguese.
May 15 – "Despacito" by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee becomes the first mostly Spanish-language song to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States since "Macarena" by Los del Río" in 1996. The success of the song is propelled by Justin Bieber's remix of the song. The song's commercial success renews interest in the Latin music market from recording labels in the United States.

July–December
July 31 – Spanish writer Daniela Bose, writes on the disparity of women in Spanish music on Spain's music charts. Her report found that consumers replaced Latin pop and Spanish music with reggaeton and trap music; genres that belittle women with lyrics that speak of adulterous acts.
September 19 –  The Latin Recording Academy postpones the announcement of the nominations for the 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards due to the earthquake in Mexico which occurred a day before nominations were to be revealed as well as other natural disasters affecting Spanish-speaking communities.
November 16 –  The 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards are held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada."Despacito" by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee wins the Latin Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
Salsa Big Band by Rubén Blades and Roberto Delgado & Orquesta wins the Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year.

Number-ones albums and singles by country
List of number-one hits of 2017 (Argentina)
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2017 (Brazil)
List of number-one songs of 2017 (Colombia)
List of number-one albums of 2017 (Mexico)
List of number-one songs of 2017 (Mexico)
List of number-one albums of 2017 (Portugal)
List of number-one albums of 2017 (Spain)
List of number-one singles of 2017 (Spain)
List of number-one Billboard Latin Albums from the 2010s
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2017
List of number-one singles of 2017 (Venezuela)

Awards
2017 Premio Lo Nuestro
2017 Billboard Latin Music Awards
2017 Latin American Music Awards
2017 Latin Grammy Awards
2017 Heat Latin Music Awards
2017 MTV Millennial Awards

Albums released
First quarter
January
February
March
Second quarter
April
May
June
Third quarter
July
August
September
Fourth quarter
October
November
December
Dates unknown
Best-selling records
Best-selling albums
The following is a list of the top 10 best-selling Latin albums in the United States in 2017, according to Billboard.

Best-performing songs
The following is a list of the top 10 best-performing Latin songs in the United States in 2017, according to Billboard.

Deaths
January 1 – Memo Morales, 79, Venezuelan singer
January 13 – Horacio Guarany, 91, Argentine folkloric singer and writer, cardiac arrest.
January 19 – Loalwa Braz, 63, Brazilian singer-songwriter ("Lambada"), burns.
January 23 – Bimba Bosé, 41, Italian-born Spanish model, designer, singer and actress, breast cancer.
January 27 – Elkin Ramírez, 54, Colombian singer-songwriter (Kraken), brain cancer.
March 8 – Dave Valentin, 64, American Latin jazz flautist, Parkinson's disease.
March 11 – Ángel Parra, 73, Chilean singer and songwriter, lung cancer.
April 13 – José Miguel Class, 78, Puerto Rican singer.
April 14 – Martín Elías, 26, Colombian vallenato singer (traffic collision).
April 23 – Jerry Adriani, 70, Brazilian singer and actor (cancer)
April 30 – Belchior, 70, Brazilian singer and composer
May 19 – Kid Vinil, 62, Brazilian musician and record producer
June 14 – Luis Abanto Morales, 93, Peruvian singer and composer.
June 16 – Eliza Clívia, 37, Brazilian singer, traffic collision.
July 20 – Wilindoro Cacique, 75, Peruvian Amazonian cumbia musician (Juaneco y Su Combo), pancreatic cancer.
August 4
Luiz Melodia, 66, Brazilian actor, singer, and songwriter (bone marrow cancer)
Jessy Serrata, 63, American Tejano musician, kidney cancer.
August 19 – Concha Valdés Miranda, 89, Cuban composer
August 26 – Wilson das Neves, 81, Brazilian percussionist and singer
October 8 – Coriún Aharonián, 77, Uruguayan electroacoustic music composer and musicologist
November 2 – María Martha Serra Lima, 72, Argentine ballad and bolero singer


D Mob (or D-Mob), also known as Dancin' Danny D or simply Danny D, is a British music producer and remixer. His most notable track was "C'mon and Get My Love"  with Cathy Dennis on the vocals, which peaked at number 10 on the U.S. Hot 100 chart on March 17, 1990.

Biography
The 1988 hit single "We Call It Acieed" reached No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart, and was one of a wave of acid house singles to enjoy success that year. The video was directed by Marek Budzynski. D Mob went on to have a further three top twenty singles in the UK during 1989 and 1990; "It Is Time to Get Funky", which reached No. 9, "C'mon and Get My Love", which reached No. 15, and "Put Your Hands Together", which reached No. 7.In the late 1980s and early 1990s, D Mob charted five songs on the US Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart, four of which went to No. 1, including "We Call It Acieed", "It Is Time to Get Funky", "C'mon and Get My Love" (with Cathy Dennis), and "That's the Way of the World" (also with Dennis). In the U.S., they are best known for the hit "C'mon and Get My Love" featuring Dennis as vocalist, that crossed over to pop radio and hit No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1990.
Aside from Dennis, Dancin' Danny D has collaborated with vocalists Dannii Minogue, Gary Haisman and LRS.Danny D, together with Tim Blacksmith, founded the publishing company Stellar Songs, and both manage the Norwegian production team Stargate, as well as being the executive producers for hits produced by them.

Discography
Albums
1989: A Little Bit of This, a Little Bit of That – UK No. 46, AUS No. 72, U.S. No. 82, U.S. R&B No. 60

Singles
See also
List of number-one dance hits (United States)
List of artists who reached number one on the US Dance chart
List of songs banned by the BBC
List of Polydor Records artists
List of house music artists
List of performances on Top of the Pops
List of 1990s one-hit wonders in the United States


Secondfest is a music festival which takes place in the Second Life virtual world. Unlike other musical performances on the web which provide audio through individual web pages for listeners to enjoy by themselves, Secondfest offers an on-line community the ability to experience entertainment together, in a large virtual space.
The first Secondfest event was aired in June 2007 and was favorably received by the artists and Second Life users alike. The festival was conceived and produced by the company Rivers Run Red - the metaverse development agency based in London (directed by Justin Bovington) and Sara Linfoot (head of digital partnerships) and Sarah Ellison (head of events) at The Guardian and curated by Sav Remzi of Tirk Records. The event was sponsored by Intel, with an emphasis on the 'power within' This, the first on-line festival of its type, featured artists and arenas from the UK festival circuit. Secondfest was subsequently awarded the AOP (Association of Online Publishers) prize for the 'Innovation' category and The Guardian Achievement Award for 'Innovation in advertising'.

Day one
Artists that performed on day one included:
Toby Tobias
Glimmer Twins
Greg Wilson
Groove Armada's Tom Findlay

Day two
Day two, making use of four 'stages', included the following artists:
Hot Chip
The Cinematic Orchestra
Gilles Peterson
New Young Pony Club
The Aliens
Hexstatic
Coldcut

Other
Other real world artists who performed include:

Pet Shop Boys
Hadouken!
Florence and the Machine
Rob da BankIn-universe bands also played:
Strangefates
DJ Jenns
DJ Doubledown Tandino
Slim WarriorAlso billed to 'appear' were:
Simian Mobile Disco
Digitalism
The KnifeAs well as the four stages, the festival site included a cinema, private beach party, games, roller skating, food court, bar, deer rides and walk on map.

See also
List of electronic music festivals
Live electronic music

References
External links
secondfest photos on FlickrLeflunomide, sold under the brand name Arava among others, is an immunosuppressive disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD), used in active moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis. It is a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor that works by inhibiting dihydroorotate dehydrogenase.

Medical use
Rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis are the only indications that have received regulatory approval. Arava was developed by Sanofi Aventis and approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1998. Clinical studies regarding the following diseases have been conducted: There has been reports on potential re-purposing of leflunomide for treatment of solid tumors with tumor suppressor, PTEN, loss. In PTEN negative tumors, leflunomide causes synthetic lethality potentially due to increased demand on pyrimidines in these faster growing cells.

Side effects
The dose-limiting side effects are liver damage, lung disease and immunosuppression. The most common side effects (occurring in >1% of those treated with it) are, in approximately descending order of frequency: diarrhea, respiratory tract infections, hair loss, high blood pressure, rash, nausea, bronchitis, headache, abdominal pain, abnormal liver function tests, back pain, indigestion, urinary tract infection, dizziness, infection, joint disorder, itchiness, weight loss, loss of appetite, cough, gastroenteritis, pharyngitis, stomatitis, tenosynovitis, vomiting, weakness, allergic reaction, chest pain, dry skin, eczema, paraesthesia, pneumonia, rhinitis, synovitis, cholelithiasis and shortness of breath. Whereas uncommon side effects (occurring in 0.1-1% of those treated with the drug) include: constipation, oral thrush, stomatitis, taste disturbance, thrombocytopenia and hives. Rarely (in 0.1% of those treated with it) it can cause: anaphylaxis, angiooedema, anaemia, agranulocytosis, eosinophilia, leucopenia, pancytopenia, vasculitis, toxic epidermal necrolysis, Stevens–Johnson syndrome, cutaneous lupus erythematosus, severe infection, interstitial lung disease, cirrhosis and liver failure.
Though not reported elsewhere, 80 cases of interstitial pneumonitis involving leflunomide have been reported in Japan between 2003 and 2006. One such case resulting in a death was reported in a 2006 article from Japan and the authors suggest "an inter-racial difference" for the interstitial pneumonitis.

Contraindications
Contraindications include:

Interactions
Other immunomodulatory treatments should be avoided due to the potential for additive immunosuppressant effects, or in the case of immunostimulants like echinacea or astragalus, reduced therapeutic effects. Likewise live vaccines (like haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine and yellow fever vaccines) should be avoided due to the potential for severe infection due to the immunosuppressive nature of the treatment.The concomitant use of methotrexate, in particular, may lead to severe or even fatal liver-damage or hepatotoxicity. Seventy-five percent of all cases of severe liver damage reported until early 2001 were seen under combined drug therapy leflunomide plus methotrexate. However, some studies have shown that the combination of methotrexate and leflunomide in patients with rheumatoid arthritis gave better results than either drug alone.

Mechanism of action
Leflunomide is an immunomodulatory drug that achieves its effects by inhibiting the mitochondrial enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (DHODH), which plays a key role in the de novo synthesis of uridine monophosphate (rUMP), which is required for the synthesis of DNA and RNA. Hence, leflunomide inhibits the reproduction of rapidly dividing cells, especially lymphocytes.The inhibition of human DHODH by teriflunomide, the active metabolite of leflunomide, occurs at levels (approximately 600 nM) that are achieved during treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Teriflunomide also inhibits several tyrosine kinases. Teriflunomide prevents the expansion of activated and autoimmune lymphocytes by interfering with their cell cycle progression while nonlymphoid cells are able to use another pathway to make their ribonucleotides by use of salvage pyrimidine pathway, which makes them less dependent on de novo synthesis. Teriflunomide also has antiviral effects against numerous viruses including CMV, HSV1 and the BK virus, which it achieves by inhibiting viral replication by interfering with nucleocapsid tegumentation and hence virion assembly.

Pharmacokinetics
It has an oral bioavailability of 80%, protein binding of >99%, metabolism sites of the GI mucosa and liver, volume of distribution (Vd) of 0.13 L/kg, elimination half-life of 14–18 days and excretion routes of faeces (48%) and urine (43%).

Leflunomide metabolism
Teriflunomide is the main active in vivo metabolite of leflunomide. Upon administration of leflunomide, 70% of the drug administered converts into teriflunomide. The only difference between the molecules is the opening of the isoxazole ring. Upon oral administration of leflunomide in vivo, the isoxazole ring of leflunomide is opened and teriflunomide is formed.

"Regardless of the substance administered (leflunomide or teriflunomide), it is the same molecule (teriflunomide)—the one exerting the pharmacological, immunological or metabolic action in view of restoring, correcting or modifying physiological functions, and does not present, in clinical use, a new chemical entity to patients." Because of this, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) initially had not considered teriflunomide to be a new active substance.

References
Further reading
External links
"Leflunomide". Drug Information Portal. U.S. National Library of Medicine.Stellar engines are a class of hypothetical megastructures which use a star's radiation to create usable energy. The concept has been introduced by Badescu and Cathcart. Some variants use this energy to produce thrust, and thus accelerate a star and anything orbiting it in a given direction. The creation of such a system would make its builders a type-II civilization on the Kardashev scale.

Classes
Three classes of stellar engines have been defined.

Class A (Shkadov thruster)
One of the simplest examples of a stellar engine is the Shkadov thruster (named after Dr. Leonid Shkadov, who first proposed it), or a class-A stellar engine. Such an engine is a stellar propulsion system, consisting of an enormous mirror/light sail—actually a massive type of solar statite large enough to classify as a megastructure—which would balance gravitational attraction towards and radiation pressure away from the star. Since the radiation pressure of the star would now be asymmetrical, i.e. more radiation is being emitted in one direction as compared to another, the "excess" radiation pressure acts as net thrust, accelerating the star in the direction of the hovering statite. Such thrust and acceleration would be very slight, but such a system could be stable for millennia. Any planetary system attached to the star would be "dragged" along by its parent star. For a star such as the Sun, with luminosity 3.85×1026 W and mass 1.99×1030 kg, the total thrust produced by reflecting half of the solar output would be 1.28×1018 N. After a period of one million years this would yield an imparted speed of 20 m/s, with a displacement from the original position of 0.03 light-years. After one billion years, the speed would be 20 km/s and the displacement 34,000 light-years, a little over a third of the estimated width of the Milky Way galaxy.

Class B
A class-B stellar engine is a Dyson sphere—of whichever variant—built around the star, which uses the difference in temperature between the star and the interstellar medium to extract usable energy from the system, possibly using heat engines or photovoltaic cells. Unlike the Shkadov thruster, such a system is not propulsive.

Class C
A class-C stellar engine, such as the Badescu–Cathcart engine, combines the two other classes, employing both the propulsive aspects of the Shkadov thruster and the energy generating aspects of a class-B engine.
A Dyson shell with an inner surface partly covered by a mirror would be one incarnation of such a system (although it suffers from the same stabilization problems as a non-propulsive shell), as would be a Dyson swarm with a large statite mirror (see image above). A Dyson bubble variant is already a Shkadov thruster (provided that the arrangement of statite components is asymmetrical); adding energy extraction capability to the components seems an almost trivial extension.

Caplan thruster
Astronomer Matthew E. Caplan of Illinois State University has proposed a type of stellar engine that uses concentrated stellar energy (repurposing the mirror statites from class A) to excite certain regions of the outer surface of the star and create beams of solar wind for collection by a multi-Bussard ramjet assembly. The ramjets would produce directed plasma to stabilize its orbit and jets of oxygen-14 to push the star. Using rudimentary calculations that assume maximum efficiency, Caplan estimates that the Bussard engine would use 1012 kg of solar material per second to produce a maximum acceleration of 10−9 m/s2, yielding a velocity of 200 km/s after 5 million years and a distance of 10 parsecs over 1 million years. While theoretically the Bussard engine would work for 100 million years, given the mass loss rate of the Sun, Caplan deems 10 million years to be sufficient for a stellar collision avoidance. His proposal was commissioned by the German educational YouTube channel Kurzgesagt.

Stellar engines in fiction
In Olaf Stapledon's 1937 science fiction novel Star Maker, some advanced galactic civilizations attempt to use stellar engines to propel their planetary systems across the galaxy in order to physically contact other advanced galactic civilizations. 
The novel Manifold: Space by Stephen Baxter has a Shkadov thruster being built around a neutron star which is destined to collide with another neutron star; the intention is to delay the collision, so that Galactic civilization will not be wiped out.
The novel Bowl of Heaven by Larry Niven and Gregory Benford describes a bowl shaped megastructure that uses magnetic fields to cause its star to emit a plasma jet, which moves the star accompanied by the megastructure.The film Avengers: Infinity War in the Marvel Cinematic Universe has a series of scenes that take place at Nidavellir, a stellar engine used as a weapons forge.

See also
Dyson spheres in popular culture


Tiedemann Giese (1 June 1480 – 23 October 1550), was Bishop of Kulm (Chełmno) first canon, later Prince-Bishop of Warmia (Ermland). His interest in mathematics, astronomy, and theology led him to mentor a number of important young scholars, including Copernicus. He was a prolific writer and correspondent, publishing a number of works on the reformation of the church. Tiedemann was a member of the patrician Giese family of Danzig (Gdańsk) in Poland. The Giese family ancestors originated from Unna in Westphalia, near Dortmund. His father was Albrecht Giese and his younger brother, the Hanseatic League merchant Georg Giese.

Life and career
Giese was the fifth child of Albrecht Giese and his wife, Elisabeth Langenbeck, both members of wealthy merchant families. His paternal family had emigrated from Cologne to Danzig in the 1430s. His father was the Mayor of Danzig, and his mother's uncle, Johann Ferber, had been Mayor of Danzig.At the age of 12 years, Tiedemann, along with his cousin, Johann Ferber, entered the University of Leipzig, and subsequently studied at Basel and in Italy. He earned a Master of Theology degree. Giese was one of the best educated scholars in Prussia, well versed in both theology and the sciences. At age 24, he and Mauritius Ferber (possibly a cousin) became priests at the Catholic Church of St. Peter and St. Paul.He was secretary to the King of Poland, and later appointed canon of Frauenburg (Frombork), where he remained for 30 years. His residence was the Episcopal Castle at Frauenburg. The King appointed him Bishop of Kulm on 22 September 1537 (ratified by the Pope on 11 January 1538). Toward the end of his life, he became Bishop of Ermland.Giese was supported by Chancellor Lucas David. He was a humanist and a liberal in the Erasmian mould. Although a Catholic, he demonstrated relative tolerance towards Lutherans. He made himself the spokesperson for a group of liberal and tolerant men who wanted to mediate between the "old-believers" and "the new-believers". In his writings, he expressed the aim of reconciling the Catholic and Protestant branches of the church, but ultimately alienated both of them.Bishop Giese was a lifelong friend and frequent companion of the astronomer and proponent of heliocentrism Nicolaus Copernicus and shared his interest in astronomy. As a very wealthy man, Giese had the best instruments which, from time to time, he loaned to Copernicus. Giese, seven years younger than Copernicus, was sufficiently well educated to be able to follow Copernicus' studies. Giese bought his friend an ingenious sundial, and gave him an instrument with which he could observe the equinoxes. The mathematician, Rheticus, published a list of Giese's astronomical instruments, which he considered to have been made by men who really understood their mathematics.Giese actively encouraged his friend, Copernicus, to publish his findings in relation to the movement of the planets in the solar system. In turn, Copernicus regularly acknowledged his indedebtness to the many friends, especially Giese and Rheticus, who had supported him and encouraged him to publish.In 1516, Giese was the co-author, with Copernicus, of a letter to the Polish King Sigismund I the Old asking for the King's protection of Prussia against the Teutonic Knights, and generally supported the interests of the Polish Crown against that of the Teutonic Order.  Danzig had been part of the State of the Teutonic Order since the Teutonic invasion of Gdańsk Pomerania in 1308. Its population became ethnically German as a result. In 1466 Danzig reverted to the Kingdom of Poland, within which it retained considerable independence (e.g. had its own judiciary and minted its own coinage). The region's ethnic German inhabitants resisted full incorporation into Poland, but turned to the Polish King for support against the Teutonic aggressors.He also worked on updating the Kulm law while a canon in Ermland . On 1 July 1536 he was designated by King of Poland, Sigismund I, who considered him a very valuable diplomat, as Bishop of Kulm, which was later confirmed by the Pope. After Mauritius Ferber's death, Giese became prince-bishop.Giese was described by his contemporaries as a very pious man, an extremely learned man, a loyal friend, generous and a man who supported those in need. Nicolaus Copernicus explained that his "devoted friend, Tiedeman Giese, [was] a man filled with the greatest zeal for the divine and the liberal arts."Giese was a prolific writer and correspondent. He regularly corresponded with young, ambitious scholars, encouraging them and following their careers with interest. In the preface of his book, De revolutionibus, Copernicus credits Giese with encouraging publication and urging him not to conceal the principles on which he deduced his theory of planetary motions. He carried out active correspondence with the humanist Erasmus of Rotterdam, the Lutheran reformer, Philip Melanchthon and the humanist philosopher, Damião de Gois.Among his known publications is Centum et decem assertiones, quas auctor earum Flosculos appellavit de homine interiore et exteriore and Antilogikon, a polemical refutation of Lutheran reformer Johann Briesmann. He also wrote De Regno Christi in which he envisions a reformed, reunited and reinvigorated church, but which now only survives in fragments. He also wrote a treatise defending Copernicus's theory of planetary motions. Most of his other works have been lost, including a treatise on Aristotle.His friend, Copernicus (who died in 1543) willed his writings to Giese and left his library to the church administration of the Prince-Bishopric of Ermland (Warmia). Bishop Giese died in Heilsberg (Lidzbark) and was laid to rest next to Copernicus at the Frauenburg (Frombork) cathedral.

Works
Antilogikon flosculorum Lutheranorum (1523)
Anacrisis nominis Jesus (1542)

References
Sources
Teresa Borawska, Tiedemann Giese (1480–1550) w życiu wewnętrznym Warmii i Prus Królewskich [Tiedemann Giese (1480–1550) in the Internal Life of Warmia and Royal Prussia, Olsztyn, 1984.
Franz Hipler (1879), "Giese, Tiedemann", Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie (ADB) (in German), vol. 9, Leipzig: Duncker & Humblot, pp. 151–156
Anneliese Triller (1964), "Giese, Tiedemann", Neue Deutsche Biographie (in German), vol. 6, Berlin: Duncker & Humblot, p. 379Leo Fabian Fahey (July 21, 1898 – March 31, 1950) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Baker City, Oregon from 1948 until his death in 1950.

Biography
Born in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, Fahey was ordained a priest on May 29, 1926.
On May 13, 1948, he was appointed titular bishop of 'Ipsus' and coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Baker City, Oregon and was consecrated on May 26, 1948. Fahey died while he was still coadjutor bishop.


== Notes ==Lipocarpha occidentalis, the Western halfchaff sedge, or Pacific halfchaff sedge, is a plant species native to western part of the United States but cultivated as an ornamental in other regions. It is widespread in California (in the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts, the Central Valley, and the Redwood Country), with populations also reported from Oregon (Klamath County) and Washington state (Klickitat County).Lipocarpha occidentalis is an annual herb up to 50 cm tall, forming clumps but not rhizomes. Culms are round in cross-section. Leaves are bristly, up to 3 cm long. Inflorescence an egg-shaped cluster of spikes; each spike with 2 scales, each scale subtending a hermaphroditic flower. Achenes are egg-shaped, up to 1 mm long.


Novaya Yagnitsa (Russian: Новая Ягница) is a rural locality (a village) in Yagnitskoye Rural Settlement, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2002.

Geography
Novaya Yagnitsa is located 98 km (61 mi) southwest of Cherepovets (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yagnitsa is the nearest rural locality.


The 2nd Welsh Brigade was a Royal Field Artillery unit of Britain's Territorial Force (TF)  formed in 1908 that served in Palestine during World War I. Between the wars it converted to the anti-aircraft (AA) role and was captured in Java during World War II. Its successor unit continues in Britain's Army Reserve today.

Origin
The creation of the Territorial Force under the Haldane Reforms of 1908 saw a widespread reorganisation of existing Volunteer Force units. One new unit formed was II (or 2nd) Welsh Brigade, Royal Field Artillery. The bulk of the personnel came from the 2nd Volunteer Battalion Welsh Regiment based in Cardiff, originally raised as Rifle Volunteers in 1859, some of whom had seen active service during the Second Boer War. (Other members of this battalion joined the Glamorganshire Royal Horse Artillery, the remainder formed the 7th (Cyclist) Battalion, Welsh Regiment.) One battery of the new field artillery brigade was provided by the 1st Cardigan Royal Garrison Artillery (Volunteers), which had been formed at Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire, on 28 June 1901 as the Volunteers expanded during the Boer War. This had consisted of two 'position batteries' (later 'heavy batteries'). The new brigade had the following organisation:
Headquarters (HQ) at Drill Hall, Cardiff
3rd Glamorganshire Battery at Drill Hall, Cardiff
4th Glamorganshire Battery at Drill Hall, Cardiff
Cardiganshire Battery at Glyndwr Road, Aberystwyth
2nd Welsh Ammunition Column at Drill Hall, CardiffThe unit was part of the TF's Welsh Division. The batteries were each issued with four 15-pounder guns.Joshua Pritchard Hughes, Bishop of Llandaff, was appointed chaplain to the new brigade, with the rank of chaplain 1st class (TF). As a young clergyman he had been appointed chaplain to the 2nd Volunteer Battalion on 10 December 1876 and maintained the link as he rose in the church.

World War I
Mobilisation
After the order to mobilise was received on 4 August 1914, the units of the Welsh Division assembled at their drill halls. The 2nd Welsh Brigade mobilised at Cardiff under the command of Lt-Col H.T. Gilling, TD, who had been CO since 1913.By 11 August the units had completed their concentration and TF members were invited to volunteer for Overseas Service. Four days later the War Office issued instructions to separate those men who had signed up for Home Service only, and form these into reserve units, and on 31 August, the formation of a reserve or 2nd Line unit was authorised for each 1st Line unit where 60 per cent or more of the men had volunteered for Overseas Service. The titles of these 2nd Line units would be the same as the original, but distinguished by a '2/' prefix. In this way duplicate batteries, brigades and divisions were created, mirroring those TF formations being sent overseas.

1/II Welsh Brigade, RFA
At the end of August the Welsh Division concentrated at Northampton to continue its training. On 18 November the division was warned for garrison duty in India, but this was cancelled and in December it moved to Cambridge, then to Bedford in May 1915. In July the infantry of the division (now renamed the 53rd (Welsh) Division) embarked for service at Gallipoli, but the divisional artillery remained at Bedford. In October the batteries were re-armed with modern 18-pounder guns and on 8 November they handed over their obsolescent 15-pounders to the 2nd Line unit, which had just arrived at Bedford.53rd (Welsh) Divisional Artillery was now ordered to France to join the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) on the Western Front. It embarked on 20 November and had concentrated at Pont-Remy by 25 November, from where parties were sent to various divisional artilleries  for instruction in front line duties.Meanwhile, after suffering appalling casualties at Gallipoli, 53rd (Welsh) Division had been withdrawn to Egypt to refit. On 30 January 1916 the divisional artillery was ordered to rejoin the rest of the division. The batteries entrained at Pont-Remy, embarked at Marseilles on 3 February and disembarked at Alexandria on 11 February. By 22 February the artillery had rejoined the division at Beni Salama. For the rest of the year the recuperating division was stationed in the Suez Canal defences.In May 1916 the TF field brigades were numbered, the 1/II Welsh being designated CCLXVI Brigade, RFA, (266 Brigade) and the batteries became A, B and C. Then on 25 December 1916 the divisional artillery was reorganised: A Bty of CCLXVI Bde was broken up between B and C Btys (to make them up to six guns each) and they were redesignated A and B, while the brigade was redesignated CCLXVII Brigade, RFA (267 Bde). 53rd (W) Divisional Ammunition Column had remained in France, and was reformed in Egypt by abolishing the Brigade Ammunition Columns.

Palestine
Early in 1917 the Egyptian Expeditionary Force launched the Sinai and Palestine Campaign by crossing the Sinai desert and advancing against Turkish forces at Gaza City, but CCLXVII Bde remained in the Suez Canal defences and missed the First Battle of Gaza. The brigade rejoined the division on 19 April while the Second Battle of Gaza was in progress, but although it crossed Wadi Ghuzzeh and took up position, it did not fire a shot in the action. Infantry casualties had been high and gains minimal, and the EEF dug in for a summer of trench warfare. Although the War Office was unable to provide more divisions for the EEF, it could send guns: 53rd (W) Division's batteries were temporarily brought up to a strength of eight rather than six guns, until further troops arrived.The reorganised EEF renewed its offensive (the Third Battle of Gaza) on 27 October. XX Corps, including 53rd (W) Divisional artillery, moved into position during the night of 30/31 October to capture Beersheba, and the bombardment began at 05.55. After a pause at 07.00 to let the dust settle and determine the effect, the guns reopened. Infantry parties advanced to within 30 yards (27 m) of the barrage to finish cutting the barbed wire. They then rushed Point 1069 and the 18-pounder batteries began to move up to more advanced positions. Beersheba had fallen to the Desert Mounted Corps and XX Corps could bivouack on the objective. On 3 November 53rd (W) Division was ordered to advance to the Tel es Sheria road. The right column consisted of 160th (South Wales) Brigade but only one battery of CCLXVII Bde because of the shortage of water for the horses. It was a difficult march over broken country in hot weather and the gunners had to haul their guns up to the head of the valley to get in range of the Khuweilfe heights. 160th Brigade met determined opposition and could not clear the wells at Khuweilfe before nightfall. The attack was renewed at 05.00 next morning, but the artillery support ceased when the ammunition wagons could not get up to the guns, and the infantry only got as far as Hill 1706. However, on 6 November the division assaulted the Khuweilfe position supported by an intense bombardment by all its own guns and a heavy battery. After confused fighting the position was held, with the support of the divisional artillery breaking up Turkish counter-attacks.

After breaking through the Gaza positions, the EEF pressed on to Jerusalem in appalling weather. XX Corps sent forward a flying column known as  'Mott's Detachment' that included 53rd (W) Division. Jerusalem fell on 8 December, but there was still heavy fighting to the end of the year as the Turks threw in counter-attacks.XX Corps renewed its advance in March 1918, 53rd(W) Division pushing forward a little on 2 March, then again on 6 March against only slight opposition, before the whole Corps advanced on 8 March. 53rd (W) Division's main objective was the hill of Tell 'Asur, and it was supported by plentiful artillery as well as its own field brigades. The peak was taken, lost, and retaken, followed by four more unsuccessful Turkish counter-attacks. That night the division also took Chipp Hill, which had defied the neighbouring division during daylight, but on 10 March found the wadi in front too steep to climb, only passing over it during darkness on 12 March. The new line was held through the summer months.In April a large number of formations and units were stripped from the EEF to reinforce the BEF on the Western Front following the German spring offensive. 53rd (W) Division took over a section of the line from 74th (Yeomanry) Division on 9 April, with 160th Infantry Bde and CCLXVII Bde taking over the right sector.

Unlike most RFA brigades, which had gained a howitzer battery in the 1916 reorganisation, CCXLVII had remained without one. On 8 April 1918 it was joined by 439 (Howitzer) Bty, equipped with four 4.5-inch howitzers passed over by CXVII (H) Brigade in 74th (Y) Division. The new battery had been specially formed with personnel drawn from 53rd (W) and 60th (2/2nd London) Divisional Ammunition Columns and from 9th Mountain Battery, RGA. In the summer of 1918 the 53rd Division was 'Indianised', with three quarters of the infantry battalions sent to the BEF and replaced by others drawn from the British Indian Army, but this did not affect the divisional artillery, which retained its composition to the end of the war.At the climactic Battle of Megiddo 53rd Division attacked late on the first day (18 September), after a 20-minute bombardment. The sound of the infantry's approach march had previously been drowned by slow shellfire on Keen's Hill. The gunners then fired smoke shells to guide the infantry's advance in the moonlight. One Turkish position held out, and a new attack was arranged for 19 November. During the afternoon a party of Turks was found eating lunch in the open, and every field gun in range was called in to destroy them. When the attack went in at 19.00 it was completely successful, the main enemy position was taken and the guns could move forward. The pressure was kept up on 20 September: 160th Bde was involved in severe fighting without artillery support while the guns were moving up, and was driven off Gallows Hill.  But then CCLXVII Bde came into action with a half-hour bombardment of Gallows Hill, breaking up a Turkish counter-attack that was being prepared, and demoralising the defenders of the hill, which was quickly reoccupied. By the end of the next day the Turkish army was shattered, and a general advance was ordered.After the battle the division was withdrawn to Alexandria before the Armistice of Mudros came into effect on 31 October. Demobilisation began on 20 December and was completed in June 1919. CCLXVII Brigade was placed in suspended animation.

2/II Welsh Brigade, RFA
Although 2/II Welsh Bde was raised at Cardiff as early as 14 September 1914, the 2nd Welsh Division (68th (2nd Welsh) Division from August 1915) did not concentrate at Northampton until Spring 1915, the brigade joining it on 29 April. It moved to Earlswood on 4 August 1915 and then arrived at Bedford to replace the 1st Line brigade on 2 November. Training of the units was made difficult by the lack of arms and equipment, and the requirement to provide drafts to the 1st Line overseas. In June the first saddlery and horses began to arrive, but no guns until August, when the brigade received four French De Bange 90 mm guns. Some ammunition wagons arrived in September, and eight more 90 mm guns in October. Training began to speed up, with the 90 mm guns standing in for 15-pounders. When the brigade arrived at Bedford it took over 12 x 15-pounders from the 1st Line. In December 1915 these in turn were replaced by modern 18-pounders.68th (2nd Welsh) Division had been assigned a role in Home Defence in November when it joined First Army (Home Forces) in Central Force, with its units quartered across Eastern England. In May 1916 the brigade was numbered CCCXLI Brigade (341 Bde) and the batteries became A, B and C. The Home Defence divisions continually supplied drafts to units fighting overseas, and CCCXLI Bde had disappeared from 68th (2nd W) Division's order of battle by mid-1917.

Interwar
82nd (Welsh) Field Brigade, RA
The 2nd Welsh Brigade, RFA, was reformed in the 53rd (W) Division on 7 February 1920, with 5th–8th Glamrgan Batteries (the Cardigan Battery was not reformed). It was redesignated the 82nd (Welsh) Brigade, RFA, when the TF was reorganised as the Territorial Army (TA) in 1921 (becoming a Field Brigade, RA, in 1924 when the RFA was subsumed into the Royal Artillery). It had the following organisation:
HQ  at Dumfries Place, Cardiff
325 (Glamorgan) Bty
326 (Glamorgan) Bty
327 (Glamorgan) Bty
328 (Glamorgan) Bty (Howitzer)

77th (Welsh) HAA Regiment, RA
In the late 1930s the need for improved anti-aircraft (AA) defences for Britain's cities became apparent, and a programme of converting existing TA units was pushed forward. On 1 November 1938 the unit became 77th (Welsh) AA Regiment, RA, with the following organisation:
HQ  at Dumfries Place, Cardiff
239 (Glamorgan) AA Bty at Dumfries Place
240 (Glamorgan) AA Bty at Dumfries Place
241 (Glamorgan) AA Bty at Drill Hall, Pentre, Rhondda
242 (Glamorgan) AA Bty at Drill Hall, Pentre, Rhondda

World War II
Mobilisation
The TA's AA units were mobilised on 23 September 1938 during the Munich Crisis, with units manning their emergency positions within 24 hours, even though many did not yet have their full complement of men or equipment. The emergency lasted three weeks, and they were stood down on 13 October. In February 1939 the existing AA defences came under the control of a new Anti-Aircraft Command. In June a partial mobilisation of TA units was begun in a process known as 'couverture', whereby each AA unit did a month's tour of duty in rotation to man selected AA and searchlight positions. On 24 August, ahead of the declaration of war, AA Command was fully mobilised at its war stations.

Phoney War
77th (Welsh) AA Regiment came under the command of 45th Anti-Aircraft Brigade based at Cardiff and forming part of 5th Anti-Aircraft Division.In mid-May 1940, as the Battle of France got under way, 45 AA Bde's units were ordered to find rifle detachments to guard against possible attacks by German paratroopers. The brigade also had to lend 240 AA Bty of 77th AA Rgt, with a Gun-laying radar (GL) detachment, to reinforce the defences of Littlehampton on the South Coast of England.

Battle of Britain
On 1 June all AA regiments equipped with 3-inch or the newer 3.7-inch guns were termed Heavy Anti-Aircraft (HAA) to distinguish them from the new Light Anti-Aircraft (LAA) units being formed. In August and September 1940, the Cardiff Gun Defence Area (GDA) had 26 HAA guns. The number of raids over South Wales, and the number of times the guns engaged, increased sharply during August. At this time, 77th (W) HAA Rgt was deployed as follows:
239 HAA Bty
The Bulwarks, Porthkerry – 4 x static 3.7-inch, later 8 x 3.7-inch with GL
Sully – 4 x 3.7-inch
240 HAA Bty
Llwyn-y-Grant, Cardiff – 2 x 3-inch,
New House, Newport – 2 x 3-inch, 2 x 3.7-inch, later 4 x static 3.7-inch
241 HAA Bty – detached to 4th Anti-Aircraft Division
242 HAA Bty
Ely Racecourse, Cardiff – 4 x 3.7-inch
Intake, West Llandaff – 2 x 3.7-inch
By late September, 242 HAA Bty had moved to:

Lavernock Fort, Penarth – 6 x static 3.7-inch with GL
Merry Harriers, Cardiff – 4 x mobile 3.7-inchand 241 HAA Bty had returned and taken over:

Mardy Farm – 4 x static 3.7-inch
Llwyn-y-Grant, Cardiff – 2 x 3-inch, later 2 x 3-inch joined from New House, while 240 HAA Bty had taken over:
Pye Corner, Cardiff – 4 x static 3.7-inch with GL

Blitz
Following the Luftwaffe's defeat in the Battle of Britain, it began heavy night attacks on Britain's cities ('The Blitz'). At first the towns of South Wales, including important coal and oil port facilities, refineries, steelworks and ordnance factories, were under almost nightly air attack, to which the AA defences replied as best they could. In the absence of effective GL radar control, at night the guns could only reply blindly with fixed barrages. There was a lull in the intensity of raids on South Wales from late September as the Luftwaffe concentrated on London and the industrial cities of the English Midlands, but there was a flare-up in activity over South Wales in late October. Some of this was aircraft dropping Parachute mines in the Bristol Channel, which were plotted by the HAA batteries' GL sets. In November the AA guns began to claim some hits from GL-controlled fire – 239 HAA Bty claimed one aircraft shot down from the Bulwarks on the night of 7 November, and the 'Ball of Fire' concentrated barrage over Cardiff claimed another the next night.As AA Command's resources expanded, 5 AA Division's responsibilities were split in November 1940 and a new 9 AA Division was created to cover South Wales and the Severn Valley. 45 AA Brigade was transferred to the new formation. There were heavy night raids on Cardiff on 2 January, 3 and 4 March 1941 (the Cardiff Blitz), with frequent smaller raids. By the end of February 1941 the HAA guns (3-inch, 3.7-inch and 4.5-inch) in the Cardiff GDA only numbered 52 out of a planned establishment of 64. This increased a month later to 56 guns, though further additions to the establishment were already being called for.On 26 March 1941, 242 HAA Battery was sent to reinforce 62nd (Northumbrian) HAA Rgt in the Humber Gun Zone under 39 AA Bde. It then went to Southend-on-Sea. It had returned to regimental command by early May, when the Blitz came to an end. The regiment sent a cadre to 206th HAA Training Rgt at Arborfield, to provide the basis for a new 457 Bty; this was formed on 10 July 1941 and joined the newly-formed 132nd HAA Rgt.As the flow of new AA units from the training centres continued, experienced units began to be prepared for overseas service, and 77th (Welsh) HAA Rgt was one of these. The war establishment for regiments overseas was only three batteries, and 242 HAA Bty was formally detached in early June 1941. It went to Egypt where it joined 51st (London) HAA Rgt. By October 1941, 77th HAA Rgt was part of the War Office Reserve, ready to embark.

Java
The regiment sailed on 6 December aboard Convoy WS14 to join Middle East Forces, but on 9 January 1942, while still at sea, it was diverted to the Far East following the Japanese invasion of Malaya. The convoy arrived at Singapore on 13 January, but most of the regiment's equipment went on to the Middle East, and it had to be re-equipped from the stockpile at Singapore. The airbases at Singapore were under heavy attack and the RAF redeployed its aircraft to the Dutch East Indies: the AA units aboard WS14 were diverted again, sailing on 30 January and arriving at Batavia on Java on 3/4 February.As the regiment began to unload from the ships at Batavia on 4 February, it came under immediate air attack. Once the confusion cleared, the AA units deployed around the harbour. Then 16 AA Bde (whose HQ had disembarked at the same time) arranged for them to be sent to defend the most important ports and airfields. 77th HAA Regiment (less 239 HAA Bty left to defend Batavia) was sent to the naval base at Surabaya. Part of the regiment boarded an express train for Surabaya, but on the way it collided with a goods train, and three officers and 12 other ranks were killed, and another 60 officers and men injured.When the Japanese attack on Java began, 77th was the only fully equipped HAA regiment available; although two batteries of the Regular Army 6th HAA Rgt had been evacuated from Sumatra before it was captured, they had no guns and were sent to defend airfields as infantry. 77th HAA Regiment was in actionwas soon in action at Surabaya, claiming three bombers shot down. Japanese landings on Java began on 1 March near Batavia, covered by bombing raids, with the airfields as their primary target. 77th HAA Regiment was forced to withdraw from Surabaya to Tjilatjap in the face of strong attacks, and one Troop was cut off and lost at Surabaya. 'Blackforce', a mixed force of Australians and British commanded by Brig Arthur Blackburn, VC, kept up an active defence for several days, but the Dutch commander ordered his units to cease fire on 8 March, and the remnants of 16 AA Bde including 77th HAA Rgt surrendered on 12 March, after destroying their guns. No records of the AA engagements over Java have survived, but 16 AA Bde claimed to have destroyed 26 Japanese aircraft.The survivors of 77th (Welsh) HAA Regiment and the other British troops on Java spent the next three-and-a-half years as Prisoners of War (POWs), held in atrocious conditions. Large numbers died as a result of disease, overwork, brutal treatment, or shipwreck. The regiment, with 239, 240 and 241 Btys, was formally placed in suspended animation from 12 March 1942.

Postwar
When the TA was reconstituted on 1 January 1947, the regiment was reformed as 282nd (Welsh) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment (coincidentally, its old number 77 was taken by the Regular Army 6th HAA Rgt  alongside which it had served in Java). The regiment was part of 71 AA Bde (the prewar 45 AA Bde) at Cardiff.On 20 June 1950 the regiment absorbed 520th (Glamorgan) Light AA Rgt and on 1 January 1954 it absorbed 602nd (Welch) HAA Rgt, in each case without changing its own designation. 
 On 10 March 1955, AA Command was disbanded and there was a further round of mergers among the TA's AA units, with 282nd HAA Rgt absorbing 534th (Swansea) HAA Rgt. It appears to have joined 41 (AA) AGRA (TA) by this time.
This was followed on 1 May 1961 by amalgamation with 281st (Glamorgan Yeomanry) and 283rd (Monmouthshire) Field Rgts to form Q (Welsh) Bty in 282nd (Glamorgan and Monmouthshire) Field Regiment. After several more rounds of mergers the lineage is continued in 211 (South Wales) Bty in today's 104th Regiment Royal Artillery.

Honorary Colonels
The following served as Honorary Colonel of the unit:
J. Gaskell, CBE, VD, TD, appointed 18 December 1909

Memorials
A memorial board to the dead of 77th (Welsh) HAA Rgt was carved with a penknife by a prisoner of war in Changi POW Camp, and hung in a church built by the POWs. The church was destroyed by the Japanese, but the memorial was later found and re-hung in the Tabernacle Welsh Baptist Chapel, The Hayes, Cardiff.

Footnotes
Notes
References
External sources
British Army website
Mark Conrad, The British Army, 1914 (archive site)
British Army units from 1945 on
The Drill Hall Project
Dutch East Indies Campaign 1941–1942
Great War Centenary Drill Halls.
Imperial War Museum, War Memorials Register
The Long, Long Trail
Orders of Battle at Patriot Files
The Regimental Warpath 1914–1918 (archive site)
Land Forces of Britain, the Empire and Commonwealth – Regiments.org (archive site)
Royal Artillery 1939–1945
Graham Watson, The Territorial Army 1947Liu Ba (died 222), courtesy name Zichu, was an official in the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He originally served under the warlord Liu Zhang before becoming a subordinate of Liu Bei (the founding emperor of Shu) after Liu Zhang's surrender to Liu Bei in 214. Liu Ba was instrumental in helping Liu Bei reward his subordinates from the treasury without impoverishing the common people after their conquest of Yi Province. Liu Ba also helped write the Shu Ke (蜀科), the legal code of Shu, along with Zhuge Liang, Fa Zheng, Li Yan and Yi Ji. Liu Ba succeeded Fa Zheng as the Prefect of the Masters of Writing in 220 and held office until his death in 222.

Early life
Liu Ba's was from Zhengyang (烝陽) prefecture in Lingling (零陵) commandery. At a young age, he was already promising and famous in the province.Liu Ba's grandfather, Yao (曜) was the administrator of Cangwu Commandery. While his father, Xiang (祥) was the administrator of Jiangxia (江夏) and Annihilating Bandits General (盪寇將軍). When Sun Jian raised some troops to attack Dong Zhuo, he killed the administrator of Nanyang (南陽). Zhang Zi (張咨) for refusing to supply grains to his army. Liu Ba's father was friendly with Sun Jian so by association the elites and the people of Nanyang started to dislike him. Soon they revolted and led an army against him. They battled and Liu Xiang was defeated and killed. Liu Biao also didn't like Liu Xiang so he detained Liu Ba and wished to kill him. Repeatedly, he sent one of Xiang's trusted friend to deceive Liu Ba saying to him "Governor Liu Biao wishes to kill you however you can escape with me." Although this happened several times, Liu Ba didn't fall for his trick. Soon it was reported to Liu Biao who then did not kill Liu Ba.

Adulthood
When he reached eighteen years old, Liu Ba was appointed as clerk in the Household Department, secretary clerk and master of records. At this time, Liu Xian (劉先) wanted to have Zhou Buyi (周不疑) study with Liu Ba. However Liu Ba replied :“In the past, when I travelled to the North of Jing. When I visited my master's home and learned "perfect memorization in order to answer any questions" however it wasn't enough to have my name well known. I'm not the same as Yang Zhu (楊朱) able to maintain serenity in all circunstances neither the manner of Mo Di (墨翟) known for attending to the matters of all times. I'm like the southern star Winnow (箕) without substance and useless. You sent me a letter expressing your desire to have your worthy nephew gave up on the beauty of the phoenixes and simurghs only to wander in the world of swallows and sparrows. How would I enlighten him? I am ashamed by "having knowledge but feeling none, being full while seeming to be empty" How could I accomplish this task!”

Service with Cao Cao
Liu Biao wanted to have Liu Ba appointed as a member of his staff and recommended him for the title of Abundant Talent.  However Liu Ba refused both of his propositions. When Liu Biao died and Cao Cao attacked the province of Jing, Liu Bei fled south of the Yangtze with all the nobles and officials of Jing and Chu joining him.  Liu Ba didn't follow Liu Bei south.  Rather, he went north to join Cao Cao. Cao Cao appointed him to his staff as a Division Chief and sent him with the mission to convince Lingling, Changsha and Guiyang commanderies to submit.At this time Cao Cao has been defeated at Wulin (烏林). While returning to the north, he wanted to employ Huang Jie for a mission.  However Huan Jie declined and told him that he could not match Liu Ba. Liu Ba said to Cao Cao "Right now, Liu Bei is taking over Jing Province, this is not acceptable." Cao Cao answered "If Liu Bei plans against me then I would go after him with the might of my Six Armies."However Liu Bei already had the three commanderies subjugated and so Liu Ba was unable to accomplish his mission and instead moved to the Jiachi commandery. Liu Bei deeply regretted not having Liu Ba join him.
When Liu Ba was moving to Lingling but was unsuccessful and so he wished to move back to Jiao Province. When he was leaving for the capital, he knew that Zhuge Liang was at this time in Lingzheng so he wrote to him :“During my life, I have been forced to go through danger faced with troubles and hardships. I met many people concerned about virtue and righteousness who wished to follow me, carrying on the intention of Heaven and obeying nature's will. It was not my intention to have them leave their home for a arduous task. If the path is closed and my days here end, I shall entrust my life to the azur sea not looking back again toward Jing Province.” Zhuge Liang quickly wrote him back :“Lord Liu Bei great ability dominates the world. He occupies Jing Province and none turn their back on his virtue. He is already well aware of the comings and goings of Heaven and man. Why would you go elsewhere?” Liu Ba answered "I have received an order, came and was unsuccessful for now I'm going back. This is the righteous way. What else are you speaking of?"

Joining Liu Zhang
When Liu Ba entered Jiao Province, he changed his surname to Zhang. He met and talked with the governor of the province Shi Xie however both of them were in disagreement. And therefore left the province by the Zangke road for Yi Province. He was detained in Yizhou commandery with the administrator wishing to kill him however the master of records said "This man is not an ordinary person, you cannot kill him." The master of records then asked to personally escort Liu Ba to the province seat and meet his governor Liu Zhang. Liu Zhang's father, Liu Yan, in the past was recommended as filial and incorruptible by Liu Ba's father, Xiang. Hence when Liu Zhang met Liu Ba, he was surprised and pleased. Every time there was a great affair, Liu Zhang would consult Liu Ba.However Pei Songzhi remarked that when Emperor Ling of Han was emperor, Liu Yan was already the director of the imperial clan and grand master of ceremonies and that when he was sent to be the governor of Yi Province, Liu Xiang was just the administrator of Jianxia with Sun Jian having Chansha. Hence he believes that Liu Xiang could not recommend Liu Yan as filial and incorruptible.

Advices against Liu Bei
When Liu Zhang sent Fa Zheng to welcome Liu Bei. Liu Ba reprimanded him as such "Liu Bei is known as a hero. If you let him in Yi province, he will surely bring you misfortune. You have to stop him." After Liu Bei was in the province, Liu Ba once again reprimanded Liu Zhang "If you send him against Zhang Lu, it would be like releasing a tiger in the mountains and forests." However Liu Zhang wouldn't listen and so Liu Ba stopped leaving his house and claimed illness. When Liu Bei surrounded Chengdu, he ordered inside the armies that anyone who would harm Liu Ba would suffer execution to third degrees. When Liu Bei finally met him, he was deeply happy.

Service under Liu Bei
Soon Yi Province was conquered by Liu Bei. And Liu Ba apologized to him but Liu Bei did not hold him culpable. Moreover, Zhuge Liang repeatedly praised and recommended him for high position so Liu Bei appointed him to his own staff as Left General's West Department Official Head.

Conflict with Zhang Fei
Zhang Fei once visited Liu Ba's home however Liu Ba refused to speak with him. Because of this, Zhang Fei was angered and furious. And so Zhuge Liang said to Liu Ba "Although Zhang Fei is a martial person, he deeply admires and respects you. Right now, Lord Liu Bei need to gather many civil and military officers to help him accomplish his great mission. Even if you are a man of high moral and bright talents, you should be less condescending of others." Liu Ba answered to him "When a real man is born in this world, he must associate himself with the greatest heroes. How someone like you can speak with a mere soldier?"When he heard of this conversation, Liu Bei was furious. He said "I wish to secure the realm under Heaven however Zichu (Liu Ba) wishes to throw it into disorder. His desire is to leave and return North, he only borrows this road. How could he help me to settle my affairs?" Liu Bei also said "Zichu's ability and wisdom are far superior to any men. However even if I can employ him, I fear others wouldn't be able to." Zhuge Liang further said about Liu Ba "In logistics planning and strategies inside the tent curtains then I'm not the equal of Zichu. However if it's about beating the drums, gathering the army encampments and encouraging the common people to do their utmost then I can discuss this with others."

Managing Liu Bei's economy
When Liu Bei started his campaign against Liu Zhang, he made a pact with his armies and troops "If our great entreprise is successful then the government treasury with all his goods shall be all yours." And so when his army took Chengdu, all the soldiers threw away their shields and spears and compete with one another to the various stores to take valuable items. Soon the military supplies were falling and Liu Bei was deeply worried about this. Liu Ba told him "It is simple! You simply have to cast bars worth a hundred coins, have the price for them stable and order your officials to manage the government markets." Liu Bei followed his advise and within several months, all the government treasury was full again.

Service under Shu Han
During the year 220, Liu Bei declared himself King of Hanzhong and Liu Ba was promoted to be the Master of Writing and soon took Fa Zheng's position as Prefect of the Masters of Writing. Liu Ba himself conducted with purity and integrity. He would not engage in the management of property or production. Moreover, because he was not originally an officer of Liu Bei he feared that he would face jealousy, doubt and suspicion. And was respectful and always kept his composure. He was tranquil and had no personal dealings, he would speak of nothing but official business.Around this time, the people of the central plains were not of the same mind. Everyone was looking in Yi's direction to see what Liu Bei would do but Liu Bei was firm in his imperial ambition while Liu Ba did not think that Liu Bei should take the imperial throne yet and wanted him to change his mind. He joined with the Master of Records Yong Mao (雍茂) to disagree with him. Later Liu Bei used another problem as an excuse to have Yong Mao killed. And so people from far away stopped joining him.Liu Qingzhi (劉清植) remarked that all the documents, orders and decrees cited in his biography were written by Liu Ba because of his position and so he would not have been opposed to Liu Bei's assuming the imperial throne. He also says that the Traditions of the Former Worthies would have used critical language when speaking of people of the enemy state and that it should not be trusted.When Liu Bei took the title of Emperor, Liu Ba reported it to the Imperial Heaven God Above and Lordly Earth Divine Spirit. All the various writing such as the documents, admonitions and decrees were all written by Liu Ba. He died in the second year of Zhangwu (222). After his death, when the Supervisor of the Masters of Writing Chen Qun of Wei wrote to Zhuge Liang asking for word of Liu Ba, he referred to him as "Lord Liu, Zichu" so great was his respect for him.

Anecdote with Zhang Zhao and Sun Quan
The Wu general who assists the state, Zhang Zhao once criticized Liu Ba saying to Sun Quan that he was narrow minded and should not have refused Zhang Fei so extremely. Sun Quan answered to him "If Zichu had chosen to follow the world in being superficial and only acting to please Liu Bei dealing with improper persons then how could he be sufficient to be praised as a lingshi?"

Appraisal
Chen Shou, who wrote Liu Ba's biography in the Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi), appraised Liu Ba as follows: "Liu Ba followed the integrity of the pure and exalted.... Along with Dong He, Ma Liang, Chen Zhen and Dong Yun, he was one of the best officials in Shu."

See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms

Notes
References

Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi), Volume 39, Biography of Liu Ba.
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).The Moscow Conceptualist, or Russian Conceptualist, movement began with the Sots art of Komar and Melamid in the early 1970s, and continued as a trend in Russian art into the 1980s.  It attempted to subvert socialist ideology using the strategies of conceptual art and appropriation art. It was an artistic counterpoint to Socialist Realism, and the artists experimented aesthetically in a wide range of media, including painting, sculpture, performance, and literature.
The central figures were Dmitri Prigov, Ilya Kabakov, Irina Nakhova, Viktor Pivovarov, Eric Bulatov, Andrei Monastyrski and Komar and Melamid.
Mikhail Epstein, in After the Future: The Paradoxes of Postmodernism and Contemporary Russian Culture (1995) explains why conceptualism is particularly appropriate to the culture and history of Russia, but also how it differs from Western Conceptualism:

In the West, conceptualism substitutes "one thing for another" – a real object for its verbal description. But in Russia the object that should be replaced is simply absent.
Epstein (1995) quotes Ilya Kabakov:

This contiguity, closeness, touchingness, contact with nothing, emptiness makes up, we feel, the basic peculiarity of 'Russian conceptualism'... It is like something that hangs in the air, a self-reliant thing, like a fantastic construction, connected to nothing, with its roots in nothing... So, then, we can say that our own local thinking, from the very beginning in fact, could have been called 'conceptualism'.The Moscow Conceptualist artists faced difficulties exhibiting their work in the cultural atmosphere of the late Soviet Union. At the Manezh exhibit of 1962, which featured the work of many aesthetic precursors to the Moscow Conceptualists, then-Party Chairman Nikita Khrushchev excoriated the art and artists he saw there. In 1974, at the infamous Bulldozer Exhibition, many Moscow Conceptualist artists had their work destroyed when the Soviet authorities brought in bulldozers to clear the field in which the exhibition was held. The art movement was largely ignored outside of the Soviet Union, and within it, it was confined to a narrow circle of Moscow artists and their friends.

See also
Soviet Nonconformist Art
Neo-conceptual art

References
Epstein, Mikhail: After the Future: The Paradoxes of Postmodernism and Contemporary Russian Culture, Amherst: The University of Massachusetts Press, 1995.

External links
Moscow Conceptualism. Russian Conceptual Art
MOSCOW CONCEPTUALISM PRESENTED BY VADIM ZAKHAROV
e-flux journal #29"Louisiana 1927" is a 1974 song written and recorded by Randy Newman on the album Good Old Boys.  It tells the story of the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927 which left 700,000 people homeless in Louisiana and Mississippi.

Lyrics
Sung from the perspective of a nameless resident of the area recounting the flooding of St. Bernard and Plaquemines parishes during the flood, "Louisiana 1927" features lyrics that depict the devastation of the residents of those parishes in the aftermath of the flood.  In particular, the narrator lays out the widespread nature of the destruction ("river had busted through clear down to Plaquemines") and the volume of water the flood produced ("six feet of water in the streets of Evangeline").  Also touched upon is the callous response of the federal government, depicted here via a fictional visit from President Calvin Coolidge and "a little fat man," where Coolidge's reaction to the devastation is a detached statement that, "isn't it a shame what the river has done to this poor cracker's land."
In 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, NPR interviewed Newman about the song. He said "I was born in Los Angeles, but I went to New Orleans when I was, like, a week old. My mother is from there, her family is still there. I lived with her a few years when I was a baby, and I'd go back in the summers. And it was the other place that I knew, and I was interested in the history, and heard about this flood, and I wrote the song."

Music
The song is written in the style of a lament, and is performed at a slow tempo.  Newman's version starts out with piano solo, but builds into including a whole orchestra.

Other versions
The song became identified with Hurricane Katrina in the public consciousness after being sung by Aaron Neville at NBC's "A Concert for Hurricane Relief", being sung by Newman at the multi-network television fundraiser Shelter from the Storm: A Concert for the Gulf Coast, and a fully orchestrated version of the song performed by Newman during Saturday Night Live's "Mardi Gras Special". A new recording of the orchestrated version is included on the Katrina charity album, Our New Orleans, on Nonesuch Records. In 2007, the song was covered by Ray Stevens on his tribute album to New Orleans and Louisiana culture, New Orleans Moon. New Orleans-based singer/pianist Marcia Ball also covered the song at several Katrina benefit concerts. The song also appeared in an episode (S03E7) of HBO's show Treme, sung again by Aaron Neville.
Jolie Holland covered "Louisiana 1927" on Hummingbirds & Helicopters Vol 1: A Benefit for South Texas, a benefit album released after Hurricane Harvey in 2018.


Zirgar (Persian: زيرگر, also Romanized as Zīrgar) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 42 families.


Nitrotyrosine is a product of tyrosine nitration mediated by reactive nitrogen species such as peroxynitrite anion and nitrogen dioxide. Nitrotyrosine is identified as an indicator or marker of cell damage,  inflammation as well as NO (nitric oxide) production. Nitrotyrosine is formed in the presence of the active metabolite NO. Generally in many disease states, oxidative stress increases the production of superoxide (O2−) and NO forming peroxynitrite (ONOO−) a destructive free radical oxidant. The production of ONOO− is capable of oxidizing several lipoproteins and of nitrating tyrosine residues in many proteins. It is difficult to determine the production of ONOO− so, usually nitrotyrosine in proteins are the detectable marker for indirectly detecting ONOO−. It is detected in large number of pathological conditions and is considered a marker of NO-dependent, reactive nitrogen species-induced nitrative stress. Nitrotyrosine is detected in biological fluids such as plasma, lung aspirants-BALF (Broncho alveolar lining fluid) and urine. Increased level of nitrotyrosine is detected in rheumatoid arthritis  septic shock  and coeliac disease. In all these studies nitrotyrosine was undetected in healthy subjects. Nitrotyrosine is also found in numerous other disease-affected tissues, such as the cornea in keratoconus. Peroxynitrite and/or nitrative stress may participate in the pathogenesis of diabetesResearch shows that nitrotyrosine levels can be reduced by N-acetyl cysteine, which is a precursor to glutathione, one of the body's primary endogenous antioxidants. Nitrotyrosine levels have been linked to cerebral ischemia and edema, for which NAC has also been proven as a potential treatment.Free nitrotyrosine undergoes metabolism to form 3-nitro-4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid (NHPA) which is excreted in the urine.Nitrotyrosine, as a marker of reactive oxygen species, has also been linked to degeneration of dopamine neurons. Tyrosine is the precursor to dopamine, a neurotransmitter that's important for motivation, attention, learning, circadian rhythms, and other biological processes.


The Kira Institute is a non-profit organization. It was founded in 1997 to encourage open inquiry
concerning the nature of scientific knowledge and its relation
to other perspectives drawn from a wide variety of fields.
The founders were Piet Hut (astrophysicist at the Institute for
Advanced Study in Princeton), Roger Shepard (then cognitive
psychologist at Stanford University), Steven Tainer (instructor
at the Institute for World Religions), Bas van Fraassen (then
philosopher of science at Princeton University), and Arthur Zajonc
(physicist at Amherst College).

Education
The Kira Institute conducted a series of yearly summer schools at Amherst College, from 1998 to 2002, aimed at bringing together graduate students from various disciplines within science, as well as the history and philosophy of science. Guest speakers were chosen from fields like biology, cognitive science, computer science, art history, philosophy, and sociology of science and included Geshe Thupten Jinpa, Erazim Kohák, Elisabeth Lloyd, Brian Cantwell Smith, Elizabeth Spelke, Lynn Margulis, and David Abram.

Research
In addition, from 1997 to 2005 the founders met several times a year
for three-day weekends.  These meetings served to guide the group's
main research, publications and educational activities.

Second Life
In 2008, Kira Institute created a Kira Café in the virtual world
of Second Life, which hosted workshops on topics such as
"laboratories in the metaverse", art history, law,
phenomenology, and interdisciplinary studies. The Kira Café had an operating philosophy comparable to Café Scientifique. The building stood until April 2015, when the Café closed.

References
External links
Official site
Virtual Kira Institute (Part 1/2) on YouTube
Virtual Kira Institute (Part 2/2) on YouTubeMark Nadler is a New York City-based cabaret performer, actor, and comedic pianist. He has been described as "one of New York's most acclaimed singer/pianists" and a "virtuoso" of classical piano.

Early life and education
Nadler was born and raised in Waterloo, Iowa. He took an interest in Broadway musicals from a young age, and was a fan of Danny Kaye, Mahalia Jackson, Jimmy Durante, the Marx Brothers, and Bugs Bunny. At the age of ten, he began performing professionally at the Long Straw Saloon in Cedar Falls, Iowa. As the gay son of Jewish immigrants, he felt out of place in the American Midwest. He studied at the Interlochen Arts Academy in 1981 before moving to Manhattan at age 17.

Career
Nadler frequently has collaborated with singer KT Sullivan. He has written and performed in dozens of touring, Broadway, and off-Broadway productions, as well as on television programs. Some of his more notable productions include American Rhapsody in 1999, an off-Broadway revue based on George Gershwin that won the Manhattan Association of Cabarets Award for Outstanding Musical Revue and was nominated for a Drama Desk Award and two Lucille Lortel Awards; Red Light, an "opera in honky-tonk" co-written with Dawn Hampton, which also won a MAC Award; Tschaikovsky (and Other Russians), performed at the Algonquin Hotel and the American Conservatory Theater, among other venues, which won the 2003 Bistro Award; and Russian on the Side, based on the Ira Gershwin/Kurt Weill patter song Tschaikowsky (and Other Russians)", which played the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and the Marines Memorial Theater in San Francisco, California.

Personal life
In 2004, Nadler and his partner hosted a "Bark Mitzvah" for their wheaten terrier, Admiral Rufus K. Boom, as a commentary on the frivolity and excess of Bar Mitzvah engagements at which Nadler had performed earlier in his career.

References
External links
Official siteThe Autonomist Association (Italian: Associazione Autonoma, Partito Autonomo; Croatian: Autonomna stranka, Autonomaška stranka) was a political party in Fiume, that existed continuously from 1896 to 1914. Its goal was to maintain the autonomy of the corpus separatum of Fiume within the Hungarian Kingdom.

Origins
It is very difficult to trace the origins of the party, since it appeared as an organised political grouping only in 1896. However, already at the municipal elections in 1887 a party named Partito Autonomo appeared, but nothing is known about its internal composition and goals. Moreover, very similar claims were already in the 1860s when the priority was to gain autonomy from Croatia
In its mature form fiuman Autonomists were focused in assuring a greater deal of autonomy for Fiume within the Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen, from the 1880s up to 1914.

The First Phase (1896–1902)
In 1896 Michele Maylender, claiming greater autonomy from the centralizing Hungarian executive of Dezső Bánffy, founded the Autonomist Party. The initiative was successful and in 1897 Maylender was elected mayor, succeeding to the late Giovanni de Ciotta, who held the position continuously from 1872 to 1897. The election of Maylender was the decisive signal of political change under way in Fiume. It culminated when the Municipal council of Fiume was dissolved and was finally replaced by a Royal Commissioner, the ministerial adviser Antonio de Valentsits in 1898. After that Maylender started a weekly magazine La Difesa where the autonomist claims were made explicit.
La Difesa, the official party paper of the Associazione Autonoma, was the first modern political party paper in Fiume, directed and founded by Maylender, who was also probably the owner. The paper started its publication on 1 January 1899, in Sušak on the Croatian side, where the Croatian (Austrian) laws on the press were in force.

The Concept of Nation and State
La Difesa represented first of all, a defensive movement – as stated by the title of its paper meaning defence. The autonomist interpretation of the Hungarian state was primarily aimed at reducing Hungarian sovereignty and political subjectivity: the Hungarian government was a temporary authority, since the city was not an integral part of Hungary. Although Hungary assured prosperity to the city, in the interpretation of autonomists, Hungarian rule was provisory in the sense that it could always have been receded. As the Croats, they denied the existence of a unitary Hungarian state but instead it was the “Holy Crown of the Lands of St. Stephen”, united under the sceptre of the House of Habsburg. Fiume was one of the Lands that constituted the Hungarian state, together with the Kingdom of Hungary and the Triune Kingdom of Croatia, Slavonia, and Dalmatia. The City of Fiume itself was annexed to Hungary by force of the diploma of Maria Theresa.As for sovereignty, neither Hungary nor Croatia who were claiming their sovereignty over Fiume were sovereign states nor subjects of international law, that status pertained only to Austria – that is to the Habsburg monarchy. The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 was an internal administrative arrangement, to which Croatia was similarly related to Hungary. In the analysis done by La Difesa and reported on several articles it was inadmissible for Fiume to be treated as a colony since its status within the Habsburg Empire or the Hungarian Kingdom was comparable to that of Hungary.
La Difesa reviewed the position of cities with a comparable status to Fiume. Trieste and the privileged position it enjoyed in Austria was the obvious prime example. Germany, during the process of unification, that the Hungarians frequently referred to as a model, provided another interesting parallel. While the continental free cities lost their rights and privileges "disappearing politically" not so those of the Hanseatic league such as Lübeck, Bremen and Hamburg. States that foster economic development via the maritime trade give to free ports ample liberties sanctioned by statutes in order to leave them free that with their international connections knowledge and expertise. Thus the proper institutional model for Fiume was the "Hanseatic model".But what about the nationality of the autonomists? Maylender defined the "Fiuman nationality" as a specific nationality: if Fiumans had to change their nationality accordingly to their sovereigns they would have changed at least 7 nationalities since 1509: his answer was that no one fitted perfectly to them, thus they were a national.

The Populist Drive
When in 1901 Kálmán Széll succeeded to Dezső Bánffy as Hungarian Prime Minister he seriously tried to restore a positive climate in the city, and Maylender was once again elected to the office of mayor. Meanwhile, the mandate of the Fiuman deputy at the Hungarian parliament was about to expire. In the new climate the majority of the Autonomist Party thought "it was time to send an Italian" (the office was held by count Lajos Batthyány) and it addressed Maylender. Maylender refused, and Luigi Ossoinack decided to advance the candidacy of the young Riccardo Zanella.
Maylender was ousted from public life, and the Autonomist Party replaces its leader with Francesco Vio, who is elected podestà to replace Maylender, on 10 January 1902. Vio was a representative of the moderate current within the Associazione Autonoma, but the man behind the scenes was certainly still Luigi Ossoinack, who continued to finance the party.
Although Batthyany (publicly backed by Maylender) won over Zanella, Maylender resigned few months after and withdrew from politics, officially he devoted himself to historical studies and started the monumental "History of the Academies of Italy" a work, published posthumously, of still unmatched scope.Zanella was now entering the scene. Schooled in the Hungarian schools in Fiume, and a graduate from the Commercial Academy in Budapest, possessed the right blend of characteristics: a good command of Hungarian and other languages, a network of friends, knowledge of administration and intellectual and psychological inferiority compared to his sponsors. He will manage to become the most popular Fiuman political leader ever.
But there was also a more substantial change: while Maylender was (as Ciotta had previously been) the men of the Party of Government that is the Liberal Party of Deak and Tisza, Zanella felt much closer to the Kossuthian current within the Hungarian political scene. The clash between Liberalism and radicalism in Hungary, was since the 1850s reflected also in Fiume with Gaspare Matcovich as the local leader of the Kossuthists and Giovanni de Ciotta of the Deákist faction.
A silent revolution was consumed within the ranks of the autonomists. On 4 April 1902, in the article "Metamorfosi di un partito" on his Voce del popolo, Zanella in an analysis of the political situation in Hungary, depicted the Hungarian Liberal Party as an aristocratic expression of Hungarian national feelings, while the "Party of 1848" is the popular and democratic form of the same. There was no difference in contents or the political project, it was only the external visual manifestation that changed, following the evolution of Hungarian society.
Zanella adapted the arguments of Kossuthian populism to the Fiuman situation: claiming that in Fiume increasingly the economy and society was controlled by Hungarians, he mirrored the Kossuthian claims about the Austrian dominance upon Hungary. From the beginnings he will resort to rhetoric borrowed from Italian nationalism and irredentism, anticipated already by his first electoral proclaim.
Zanella, writing in 1905, claimed that there was a genuine Fiuman nationality and identity that comprised Italian, Croatian, and Hungarian elements as well, and that was loyal to the (multinational) State of the Crown of St. Stephen, not to Hungary (that was a nation). Zanella claimed that it was offensive for the Fiumani to be labelled as "Italians" by the Hungarian government. According to Zanella, the inhabitants of Fiume are called Fiumani but are themselves composed of "three nationalities": the Italians that is the autonomists who were for centuries the "old dominators of the land" but also the Croats and the Hungarians.
Zanella changed the paradigm: Hungary had its state right within the Empire since it was the land of the Magyar nation. Similarly, Croatia retained its autonomy and state right because of its historical and national specificity. The same applied to Fiume: as kossuthism and the Independence and 1848 Party proclaimed national independence as the ultimate political goal for Hungarians, in Fiume both Frano Supilo and Zanella started their policies of "New Course". Both paths were basically secessionist and ready to look at new allies (Serbs for Supilo, with the resulting Resolution of Fiume) and Croats for Zanella, who helped Supilo providing him with the necessary contacts with the Kossuthian faction in Hungary.

Cleavages
The cleavage between the Deákists and Kossuthists in Fiume was to reappear soon. Andrea Ossoinack the son of Luigi (who committed suicide in 1902), announced a secession from the Autonomist Party, remarking that all the nationalities (and thereby also the Croatian) in Fiume had the right to be represented, and the need for a closer collaboration with Hungary, precondition for the economical development of the port city.
Thus, in the 1905 elections for the Fiuman representative at the Hungarian parliament, Andrea Ossoinack was publicly supported by the governor Ervin báró Roszner. Against him runs Zanella, the candidate of a "committee of citizens" led by the old Kossuthist Antonio Walluschnig. Andrea Ossoinack helped Zanella and financially supported his paper La Voce del Popolo. Now, in 1905, they were opposed to each other. Andrea Ossoinack from a champion of the militant autonomists (as was his father) will gradually position himself as a reliable political partner for the Hungarians against the Kossuthist drift. But, on 29 January 1905, Riccardo Zanella won and was elected Fiuman representative at the Hungarian parliament. 1905 was the only time that the Independence and 1848 party, won the elections but the King Franz Joseph rejected the result. Chamber had been dissolved by military force (19 February 1906), and a uniformed colonel read a royal decree dissolving it. Géza Fejérváry, formerly minister for national defence
was appointed prime minister in a government of bureaucrats. The former "united opposition" (with whom Zanella sided) was allowed to form a government only after it gave up its major demands for an independent Hungarian army and tariff system.Political instability resulting form the Hungarian Constitutional Crisis of 1903–1907 was felt in Fiume as well, as governors were changed frequently. The pact concluded (8 April 1906) between the Coalition and the crown paved the way for the Agreement, reached in October 1907 thanks chiefly to the sobering of Hungarian opinion by a severe economic crisis. In Fiume already on 28 June 1907, with 45 votes on 52 voters, the civic Rappresentanza elected Francesco Vio as mayor of Fiume. Zanella got only 6 ballots, and his extremism was not rewarded by the electorate. On 15 June 1908 there was a congress of the Autonomist Association where, after the defeat, Zanella was emarginated.
During 1908 and 1909 life in Fiume appeared still: apart from growing national polarisation of the Italian with the Croatians, the relations with the Hungarian government appeared to be improving. On 15 June 1909 – the Congress of the Autonomist Association elects a "Provisional Directorate" with the task of reorganizing the party for the next extraordinary congress.
On 25 June 1909, Governor Sándor gróf Nákó de Nagyszentmiklós resigned, and now the vice governor István gróf Wickenburg de Capelló, an heir of the Austro-Venetian nobility, was put in his place. In January 1910 in Hungary was a big political change: the Hungarian Liberal Party reorganised and appeared with the new name of National Labour Party whose leader was still Count István Tisza. The municipal elections took place on 13 April 1910 – the Autonomist Party won the elections convincingly in the city casting 718 ballots out of 845 voters, but what was more important Maylender returned to active politics after almost a decade of exile spent on finishing his monumental Storia delle Accademie d'Italia. On 8 June 1910 at the new elections in Hungary for the Parliament, Maylender wins convincingly with 970 votes against Zanella who gets 566, out of 2.337 electors.Károly Khuen-Héderváry, a consummate political leader, who as Ban (title) had previously ruled Croatia for twenty years from 1883 to 1903, now on 17 January 1910, become head of the Hungarian executive. He will rule Hungary for two years up to 22 April 1912, and as in Croatia will prove very efficient in crushing opposition in Fiume as well.
On 15 June 1910 after the defeat the new direction of the Autonomist Party (the Associazione autonoma) is elected: Zanella, was nominated president. The Autonomist Party was now de facto divided in two factions, since both of the candidates were officially autonomists. On 23 June 1910, at the Rappresentanza Civica Zanella spoke against the persecutions to which the Italians are victims in Fiume and concludes that Hungary is about to lose Fiume if it will continue this discriminatory policy against the local population. On 26 June 1910, podestà Francesco Vio resigns, adducing motives of health. There is thus a creeping conflict: he is between the Hungarians of Khuen and Wickenburg and the local opposition led by Zanella and Baccich, that becomes more and more aggressive. The provisional podestà was now Corossacz, an ally of Zanella.On 30 November 1910 István gróf Wickenburg de Capelló, took office as acting governor but the official ceremony instead at the municipal hall was celebrated at the cathedral church. The event infringed the tradition and was discussed even at the Hungarian parliament, on December, the 9th 1910. Maylender, who backed the governor, was attacked by Tivadar Batthyány with the argument that since it was Maylender who created Autonomism and championed the struggle against Banffy he should have been among the first to react. Albert Appony claimed that the preservation of Fiuman autonomy was a strategic interest of Hungary since any action in the opposite direction would have given greater chances to Croatian propaganda to succeed.The reactions in Fiume were immediate: on 16 December 1910 – at the session of the Rappresentanza, Zanella exploits the moment and fiercely attacks Maylender with a lengthy speech. Possibly related to this attack on February the 9th 1911, Maylender suddenly dies at the Hungarian parliament in Budapest, by a heart stroke.
The ongoing division within the Autonomists successfully infiltrated by Hungarian authorities produced its effects: on 2 April 1911 – a New party named Lega autonoma was formed whose head is the ex podestà Francesco Vio. The strategy of the Lega was much less based on the exploitation of the public opinion in any sense or direction. Its exponents were in fact prominent businessman (think of Ossoinack and the heavily subsidised Adria) that lived and prospered thanks to Hungarian economy.
Both groups were playing opportunistically. The group of Zanella (the Associazione Autonoma) followed daily Hungarian politics, trying to cut all possible alliances. Vio appears to keep distance from Zanella openly condemning its conflicting stance towards the Hungarian authorities that "did much harm to the city". Zanella attacked the leghisti as they were called because of their unabashed compromising attitude with the Hungarians.
On May the 5th 1911, after the death of Maylender, elections Zanella is again the champion of the Fiuman (and Hungarian) Kossuthist opposition to replace the Fiuman representative at the Hungarian parliament. Antonio Vio junior, is candidate from the «Lega autonoma» and the Hungarian labour party, headed by count Istvan Tisza. Vio won over Zanella, and on 8 June 1911 – the «Lega autonoma» made public its programme and the candidates. Several former members of the Associazione Autonoma are now in its ranks: including Vio, Ossoinack, Mohovich, and others now lined up with Governor Wickemburg and Khuen-Hedervary. On 20 June 1911, at the Municipal elections, the Lega Autonoma of Vio defeats the Associazione Autonoma of Zanella for just 46 ballots. Some of the Associazione Autonoma enter however in the Rappresentanza.In the years before the outbreak of the Great War it is clear that the Hungarian government under the lead of Khuen who effectively put into control Croatia attempted to do the same in Fiume. And as in Croatia Khuen was successful in Fiume, achieving a complete victory for the Hungarian government. Zanella was now pushed towards Italian irredentism.

First World War
The central government, with Khuen as the Prime Minister of Hungary succeeded to put Fiuman politics under complete control, and that already before the Great War broke. Obviously, the possibilities for the Fiumani to have an influence in local politics was greatly reduced, being confined at the defence of the municipal italianità.
The administration of the tiny corpus separatum, was now entrusted to the Giunta governiale amministrativa, an administrative body whose members were appointed by the Hungarian Governor in Fiume. The Municipal Police was now sided by the Hungarian State Police, the judiciary had its Courts of Appeal in Budapest, and there was an Administrative Tribunal in Fiume as well that as the Tribunal, were firmly under Hungarian control. The number of Hungarian schools was rising continuously, as well as the proportion of those in Italian where more and more classes were taught in Hungarian. Finally, in 1912 a "Superior Commercial Academy" was instituted in Fiume, a first step for a planned Hungarian university. Therefore, the ongoing conflict with the Hungarian government reached its height at a time of maximum prosperity and economic development of the "Jewel of the Hungarian Crown".
On 20 June 1913 the Governor suspends the Rappresentanza for "opposition to the laws of the State", and for "perturbation" of the "constituted order". In Fiume the political climate was very tense and all the political fractions in the city were opposing the governmental measures. Disillusion was the dominant feeling in Fiume of 1914, fuelled by the press. but the elections showed once more the extant fracture within Fiumani politics. The Lega renounced to nominate its candidates and Zanella was easily elected as the new mayor.
Although Zanella showed a clear will to compromise with the Hungarians essentially in an anti Croatian fashion, the King Franz Joseph explicitly refused to accept his election as podestà of Fiume on 10 April 1914. On 18 April 1914 Francesco Gilberto Corrosacz is elected as a new podestà of Fiume.
Frustration was growing, fuelled by those Fiumani who within the Giovine Fiume were already embracing irredentism, questioning the traditional strategy of fiuman politics, playing among the two great Hungarian parties.With the Austro-Hungarian declaration of war to Serbia, most of the Fiuman industry was reorganised for military production. The port was paralysed by the war and greatly reduced its activities. The local press, now subject to war censure, came under direct supervision from the offices of the Hungarian governor (procura). Initially, in the first year of war the Monarchy was in war with Serbia while Italy was neutral. Therefore, even by admission by Italian nationalists, in Fiume the Croats and Serbs in Fiume were the most hardly pressed by the military and police authorities, not the Italians.On 23 May 1915, Italy by declaring war to the Austro-Hungarian monarchy enters the war on Entente side. By that time many Italian immigrants in Fiume had already left the city, soon followed by Hungarian banks and commercial enterprises who moved back to Budapest.
The war itself did not struck Fiume, the city reported a single aerial attack performed by an Italian Zeppelin (Città di Ferrara), that bombed the torpedo works and some port facilities. The fiumani (out of some 12–14,000 mobilised) experienced a remarkably low number of casualties – reportedly due to their massive desertion rate.
The Rappresentanza formally continued to gather, but war forced many of its members to army service or to exile. The communal government had to apply the ministerial ordinances. The papers that marked the age as the Voce del Popolo of Zanella and the Novi List of Supilo ceased with their publications since both editors were now in exile.
The Rappresentanza was dissolved on 5 June 1915, with the pretentious reason of a quarrel among the councillors. Francesco Gilberto Corrosacz podestà of Fiume was removed from office. The Lega Autonoma, the party allied with the government, swiftly gained power. Their exponent Antonio Vio, at the time deputy of Fiume at the Hungarian parliament was nominated podestà. After Vio's resignation form the position of deputy of Fiume at the Hungarian parliament, Andrea Ossoinack, the old adversary of Zanella, and head of the Lega Autonoma was elected "by acclamation" on 10 October 1915 deputy of Fiume at the Hungarian parliament. For the first time, the new elected Rappresentanza had 12 Hungarian councillors imposed by the Hungarian government.
After the Italian defeat at the Battle of Caporetto, on 12 September 1917 the group of nominated Hungarians to the Rappresentanza gathered to discuss ho to put a remedy to the "injustices that the Hungarian community was suffering by the Fiuman citizens". Given the delicacy of the task, the reunion was kept secret. The group produced also a program document on how was Fiume to be reorganised after the expected victory. The report was organised according to several priority points: the first was the Language Question – Hungarian language was to become official at the municipal government since it was the language of the State. The Rappresentanza had to use also the Hungarian language and the vice president had to be a Hungarian, the number of Hungarians involved in the municipal affairs had to be augmented.
The conclusions of the report provide an interesting evaluation of the real extent of autonomy: The political position of Fiume in the Provisory was the outcome of the struggle between Italians and the Slavs for the possession of the City. It was only the municipal government of Fiume who resisted these attempts and therefore the italianità of the municipality had to be preserved in what looks as a strategic deal between the Fiumani and the Hungarians. The autonomy was only a fiction masked with the insistence on the Italian language and culture – the italianità, that was seen as the way for realising the Hungarian plans for Fiume, after the Great War.

References
Sources
Barcic, Erasmo. 1861. La voce di un Patriotta. Fiume.
Batthyány, Tivadar. Relazione in merito al proprio operato durante il periodo parlamentare 1892–1896, Fiume, A Chiuzzelin, 1896.
Batthyány, Tivadar. Discorso programma del Conte Theodoro Batthyani, candidato deputato al parlamento ungarico, tenuto nella sala del Hotel Deak il giorno 24 genn. 1892 unitovi al discorso dell’on. Dr. Michele Maylender, Fiume, Antonio Chiuzzelin, 1896.
Batthyány, Tivadar. Relazione dell’operato del conte Theodoro Batthyani quale deputato della libera città di Fiume, Tipografia Battara, 1901.
Giacich, Antonio Felice 1861. Bisogni e voti della città di Fiume, Fiume, E. Rezza.
Giacich, Antonio Felice 1861. Reminiscenze storiche del municipio di Fiume dal giorno dell'occupazione dei Croati nel 1848. Fiume.
Matcovich, Gaspare, Alla popolazione di Fiume : risposta alle parole del Conte Andrassy : relative alla S. Peter-Fiume e circa l'ultima elezione dietale / Gaspare Matcovich Trieste : [s.n.], 1869 (Tipografia C. V. Rupnick & Comp.)
Mohovich, Emidio. 1869. Fiume negli anni 1867 e 1868, Fiume Mohovich, Ed."There Is Power in a Union" is a song written by Joe Hill in 1913. The Industrial Workers of the World (commonly known as the Wobblies) concentrated much of its labor trying to organize migrant workers in lumber and construction camps. They sometimes had competition for the attention of the workers from religious organizations. The song uses the tune of Lewis E. Jones' 1899 hymn "There Is Power in the Blood (Of the Lamb)"."There Is Power in a Union" was first published in the Little Red Songbook in 1913.
The song has been recorded several times. Billy Bragg recorded a song with the title "There Is Power in a Union" on the Talking with the Taxman About Poetry album; this has different words and is set to the tune of "Battle Cry of Freedom".

Lyrics and style
In popular culture
The Billy Bragg version of this title is featured in the 2004 film Howard Zinn: You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train in which American Communist organizations march in Times Square.The Billy Bragg song of this title, but unrelated to Joe Hill's song, is featured in the 2014 film Pride in which London organization Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners collects funds to support the striking miners of a Welsh pit village during the UK miners' strike (1984–85).For many years, Dropkick Murphys have used Bragg's song as one of the songs played before they perform.
Punk band Street Dogs recorded Billy Bragg's version (with altered lyrics) on their album Fading American Dream.
A version of the song (with altered lyrics) is used in the Wasteland 3 DLC The Battle of Steeltown (2021).

See also

Wobbly lingo


Edward McGuckin (born December 16, 1983) is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Jigsaw. He is best known for his work on the independent circuit for promotions such as Chikara, Combat Zone Wrestling, Dragon Gate USA, Full Impact Pro, and Ring of Honor and has also made appearances for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where he worked under the ring name Rubix. He is currently working most notably in the United Kingdom, where he predominantly appears for HOPE Wrestling.

Professional wrestling career
Jigsaw was originally trained as a professional wrestler at the Chikara Wrestle Factory by Mike Quackenbush.

Chikara (2002–2007)
Jigsaw made his Chikara debut in late 2002, forming a rudo tag team named The Conundrum with Rorschach, while also occasionally teaming with Eddie Kingston and BlackJack Marciano as a member of The Toxic Trio. On May 22, 2004, at Aniversario 3: Dodging the Sophomore Jinx The Toxic Trio faced Mike Quackenbush, Gran Akuma and Icarus in an Ultimate Jeopardy match. During the match, which The Toxic Trio lost, Kingston and Marciano turned on Jigsaw, effectively turning him into a tecnico. In July 2004, Jigsaw reached the finals of Chikara's Young Lions Cup tournament, but was defeated by Larry Sweeney after outside interference from Rorschach, who then joined Sweeney's Sweet 'n' Sour International stable. On October 30 Jigsaw led an eight man team to face Sweet 'n' Sour International in the annual torneo cibernetico match. Jigsaw won the match by pinning Sweeney, after one of Sweeney's stable mates, named Spyrazul, turned on him and then unmasked himself to reveal Mike Quackenbush. At the following show Fear of Music on November 19, 2004, Jigsaw defeated Sweeney to win the Young Lions Cup.Jigsaw successfully defended his title for a year and was forced to vacate it for the 2005 edition of the Young Lions Cup tournament. Jigsaw feuded the rest of the year with fellow Chikara veteran Hallowicked and defeated him in a two out of three falls match on November 13, 2005. In early 2006 Jigsaw entered the Tag World Grand Prix teaming with Arik Cannon, but the team were eliminated in the second round of the tournament by Osamu Nishimura and Katsushi Takemura. Jigsaw would then enter a feud with Icarus, whom he would defeat on July 22, 2006, in a mask vs. hair match. The remainder of the year Jigsaw spent teaming with Mike Quackenbush and Shane Storm. 2007 started off with Jigsaw, Quackenbush and Storm winning the inaugural King of Trios tournament. Afterwards the trio went on a losing streak and on October 27, 2007, Jigsaw turned on Storm and pinned him in a tag team match to end the union for good. After competing in a trios match on November 16, 2007, Jigsaw left Chikara, in order to concentrate on his work with Ring of Honor.

Combat Zone Wrestling (2006)
In 2006, he competed in Combat Zone Wrestling's annual Best of the Best tournament, losing to Austin Aries and B-Boy in the opening round. He, however, defeated Sonjay Dutt on September 9, 2006 at Expect the Unexpected for the World Junior Heavyweight Championship. He held the championship until Out with the Old, In with the New in April 2007, when he lost it to Scotty Vortekz.

Ring of Honor (2007–2008, 2012)
Jigsaw joined Ring of Honor in 2007, forming The Vulture Squad alliance with Jack Evans, Ruckus, Julius Smokes to combat The Age of the Fall alliance. The Vulture Squad teamed together in a six-man tag team match against The Age of the Fall at Glory by Honor VI on November 1, 2007. The following month, female wrestler Mercedes Martinez also joined The Vulture Squad on December 20 at Final Battle 2007.At Breakout in January 2008, Jigsaw teamed with Matt Cross to take on The Briscoe Brothers. After Jigsaw and Ruckus failed to win the World Tag Team Championship from the No Remorse Corps (Davey Richards and Rocky Romero), Jigsaw removed his mask as he had promised to do before the match. At a Dragon Gate/ROH supercard in March, Jigsaw and Ruckus defeated the team of Kenny King and Sal Rinauro by pinfall. On April 11, 2008 at Bedlam In Beantown, Jigsaw was defeated by Eddie Edwards. In May at the pay-per-view event Take No Prisoners, Ruckus and Jigsaw defeated Adam Pearce and B.J. Whitmer in a dark match. Later in the pay-per-view, however, they competed in a World Tag Team Championship match against the champions No Remorse Corps, but were defeated. In September at Driven, The Briscoe Brothers defeated Ruckus and Jigsaw, The YRR (Jason Blade and Kenny King), and Necro Butcher in a Tag Team Scramble match.
On January 20, 2012, Jigsaw returned to ROH at an event in Philadelphia, where he and Hallowicked, supported by several Chikara wrestlers including Mike Quackenbush and UltraMantis Black, defeated the Briscoe Brothers to earn a shot at the ROH World Tag Team Championship. Jigsaw and Hallowicked received their title opportunity on April 28, but were unable to dethrone the Briscoe Brothers in a rematch.

Return to Chikara (2008–2014, 2016)
Jigsaw made a return to Chikara, sans mask, in September 2008, saving his trainer Mike Quackenbush from a violent assault at the hands of the UnStable (Vin Gerard, STIGMA (the former Shane Storm), and Colin Delaney). Despite his help, Quackenbush refused to accept him back into the promotion. The following month, Gerard attempted to recruit Jigsaw to the UnStable, noting that the two had a lot in common regarding their former identities under masks and their rejections from the Chikara locker room. Jigsaw refused to accept the spot and superkicked STIGMA, with Quackenbush aiding him in chasing the rudos away. On December 14, 2008, Quackenbush and Tim Donst were slated to face Delaney and STIGMA in a tag team match. However, during the match Donst suffered an injury, which led to Jigsaw entering the match with his mask back on. The match ended with Jigsaw pinning STIGMA with the Jig 'n' Tonic.In early 2009, Jigsaw and Quackenbush scored their third win in a row, which meant that they could now challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. The championship match took place on April 25, but Jigsaw and Quackenbush were unable to defeat the reigning champions The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). With Quackenbush out with a knee injury, he positioned Jigsaw as the mentor for the stable of younger wrestlers, called The Future Is Now, which consisted of Equinox, Helios and Lince Dorado. During the rest of the year, he also feuded with Gran Akuma, whom he would defeat in the main event on November 21. On October 23, 2010, Jigsaw represented Chikara in the torneo cibernetico match, where the company's originals faced Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK). He was eliminated from the match by BDK's Tim Donst. After several attempts and failures at getting their third point, Jigsaw and Quackenbush finally earned their title match by winning a four–way elimination match on November 22, during which they made all three eliminations. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale Reality is Relative Jigsaw and Quackenbush cashed in their points and defeated Ares and Castagnoli two falls to one to win the Campeonatos de Parejas for the first time. For the 2011 King of Trios, Jigsaw and Quackenbush formed a trio with Japanese joshi legend Manami Toyota and on April 15 defeated Amazing Red, Joel Maximo and Wil Maximo in their first round match. The following day, the trio was eliminated from the tournament in the quarterfinal stage by Team Michinoku Pro (Dick Togo, Great Sasuke and Jinsei Shinzaki). On September 18, Jigsaw and Quackenbush lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor and Johnny Gargano) in their third defense. In November and December 2011, Jigsaw represented Chikara in Osaka Pro Wrestling, making his first tour of Japan in the process. The tour, which lasted from November 27 to December 18, saw Jigsaw take part in the annual Tenno-zan tournament, where he made it all the way to the semifinals, before losing to Kuuga. On May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend, Jigsaw received his first shot at the Chikara Grand Championship, but was unable to dethrone Eddie Kingston. On September 14, Jigsaw and Mike Quackenbush reunited with Manami Toyota for the 2012 King of Trios, defeating combatAnt, deviAnt and Soldier Ant in their first round match. The following day, the team was eliminated from the tournament, after losing to Team Sendai Girls (Dash Chisako, Meiko Satomura and Sendai Sachiko).During the second half of 2012, Jigsaw began having problems with Mike Quackenbush, who had started to eliminate members of the rudo stable Gekido from Chikara, showing a new mean streak. On November 18, as Quackenbush was set to attack Gekido member The Shard, Jigsaw turned on him by superkicking him and then left the arena with The Shard. On December 2 at Chikara's third iPPV, Under the Hood, Jigsaw led Gekido to a win over Chikara in an eight man tag team match. Afterwards, Jigsaw and The Shard broke away from the rest of Gekido, forming a tag team named "Pieces of Hate". Jigsaw's rivalry with Mike Quackenbush built to a special tag team match on April 6, where he and The Shard were defeated by Quackenbush and his surprise tag team partner, Jushin Thunder Liger. On May 18, Jigsaw and The Shard took part in the 2013 Tag World Grand Prix. After wins over Da Soul Touchaz (Acid Jaz and Marshe Rockett) and AC/DC (Arik Cannon and Darin Corbin), the two defeated The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) to win the tournament, earn three points and a shot at the Campeonatos de Parejas. On June 2 at Aniversario: Never Compromise, Pieces of Hate defeated 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) to become the new Campeones de Parejas. Following the event, Chikara went on a break, which lasted until May 2014. On July 20, Pieces of Hate lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to the Throwbacks (Dasher Hatfield and Mark Angelosetti) in their first defense. In September, Jigsaw represented Gekido in the 2014 King of Trios, alongside The Shard and 17. The team made it to the second round before losing to Archibald Peck, Shane Matthews and Scott Parker. Following the loss, Jigsaw turned on Gekido by superkicking The Shard, but also turned down an offer by Mike Quackenbush to re-join Chikara.On September 2, 2016, Jigsaw returned to Chikara as part of Hallowicked's team in the 2016 King of Trios tournament. The rudo team, which also included Icarus, defeated Bullet Ant, Missile Assault Man and Worker Ant in their first round match. The following day, Jigsaw, Hallowicked and Icarus defeated Major League Moustache (Dasher Hatfield, Trent Seven and Tyler Bate) to advance to the semifinals of the tournament. On the third and final day of the tournament, Jigsaw, Hallowicked and Icarus were eliminated after being disqualified in their semifinal match against Team JWP (Command Bolshoi, Hanako Nakamori and Manami Katsu).

Dragon Gate USA (2009–2013)
In 2009, Jigsaw began making appearances for Dragon Gate USA, the American counterpart of the Japanese professional wrestling promotion Dragon Gate. At their first pay-per-view event Enter the Dragon on September 4, Jigsaw teamed with The Colony (Fire Ant and Soldier Ant) and Mike Quackenbush to defeat F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Gran Akuma), Amasis and Hallowicked in an eight-man tag team match. At the following pay-per-view, Untouchable on November 6, 2009, Jigsaw and Quackenbush once again teamed together to defeat YAMATO and Gran Akuma. On November 28 at Freedom Fight, he defeated Eddie Kingston in a singles match. On January 23, 2010, at Fearless, Jigsaw and Quackenbush defeated the team of CIMA and Super Crazy in a tag team match. At the two following shows, Open the Ultimate Gate and Mercury Rising, on March 26 and 27, Jigsaw and Quackenbush lost to Genki Horiguchi and Susumu Yokosuka and defeated The Young Bucks in tag team matches. On May 7 at Open the Northern Gate Jigsaw and Quackenbush defeated Kamikaze USA representatives Gran Akuma and Akira Tozawa in a tag team match and were then assaulted by their teammates YAMATO and Shingo. At the following day's tapings of the Uprising pay-per-view, Jigsaw and Quackenbush were defeated by the team of Naruki Doi and PAC. After the match Quackenbush challenged YAMATO to a tag team match, before he and Jigsaw were once again jumped by the members of Kamikaze USA. On July 24 at the tapings of the Enter the Dragon 2010 pay–per–view, Jigsaw, Quackenbush and Hallowicked teamed up with the Open the Dream Gate Champion Masato Yoshino to defeat Kamikaze USA's YAMATO, Gran Akuma, Akira Tozawa and Jon Moxley in an eight man elimination tag team match. On the January 28, 2011, United: NYC, live pay-per-view, Jigsaw was defeated by Moxley in a grudge match.

Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2012–2014)
On June 28, 2012, McGuckin, working under the ring name Rubix, made his debut for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), losing to Sonjay Dutt in a TNA X Division Championship tournament qualifying match on Impact Wrestling. On July 8 at Destination X, Rubix got another opportunity to earn his way back into the tournament, but was defeated by Mason Andrews in a four-way Last Chance match, which also included Dakota Darsow and Lars Only. McGuckin, once again working as Rubix, returned to TNA on January 12, 2013, to take part in the tapings of the One Night Only: X-Travaganza special, wrestling in an Ultimate X match, which was won by Kenny King and also included Mason Andrews and Zema Ion. Rubix returned to TNA on July 18 to take part in the Destination X episode of Impact Wrestling. Entering a tournament to determine the new X Division Champion, he was defeated by Greg Marasciulo in a first round three-way match, which also included Rockstar Spud. Rubix returned to TNA on April 12, 2014, for another One Night Only taping, losing to Kenny King.

Personal life
McGuckin's brother is also a wrestler and Chikara alumni, using the ring names Tyler Murphy and Jolly Roger.

Championships and accomplishments
Chikara
Campeonatos de Parejas (2 times) – with Mike Quackenbush (1) and The Shard (1)
Young Lions Cup (1 time)
King of Trios (2007) – with Mike Quackenbush and Shane Storm
Tag World Grand Prix (2013) – with The Shard
Torneo Cibernetico (2004)
Combat Zone Wrestling
CZW World Junior Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Family Wrestling Entertainment
FWE Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Tony Nese
House of Pain: Evolution
HOPE Kings Of Flight Championship (2 times)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 259 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2010

Luchas de Apuestas record
References
Further reading
Cooper, Brian (October 18, 2006). "Dr. Keith Lipinski Show – CZW Parade Of Champions Edition". 411mania.

External links
Jigsaw on Twitter 
Jigsaw at the official Chikara website
Jigsaw's Global Force Wrestling profile
Online World of Wrestling profileKhawar Mumtaz (born 29 June 1945) is a Pakistani women's rights activist, author and university lecturer. She is the Former Chairperson of the National Commission on the Status of Women (NCSW) who served for two consecutive terms from 2013 to 2019.

Family
Mumtaz is married to Kamil Khan Mumtaz, an architect, and they have three children: a daughter Samiya Mumtaz, a prominent actress, and two sons. Her great-aunt was Ismat Chughtai, an Urdu novelist and filmmaker.

Education
Mumtaz was enrolled in St. Joseph's Convent School, Karachi, Pakistan for primary and secondary education. She completed her higher secondary education from St. Joseph's College, and earned a degree of Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts in International Relations from the University of Karachi, where she topped in the examination. She has a diploma in French language. She was once offered an opportunity to study at the Sorbonne in Paris.

Career
A sense of fairness and sensitivity to discrimination created the spirit and sew the seeds of activism in her, and she became politically aware during the agitation against General Ayub Khan in the late 1960s. By 1977, a series of repressive laws were enacted, including one that called for the stoning of women accused of adultery to death. She is one of the founders of Women’s Action Forum (WAF), which was formed to reject regressive laws introduced by General Zia -ul-Haq regime, and to bring women's issues on political and legislative agenda, and to assert women’s equal rights in Pakistan.She initially started teaching in a university, however, she has to leave the job after she was asked to stop her activism in 1983. Mumtaz is one of three females appointed to coordinate the Shirkat Gah, which is women's rights and development organization engaged in developing research reports, training manuals and advocacy materials, and focuses the issues related to women and environment, women and law, women's reproductive health and rights. She served as the Coordinator and the CEO at Shirkat Gah before joining NCSW as its Chairperson. It was the institution that helped develop her understanding, learning and experience.She brings almost 35 years of experience of teaching and journalism, transnational advocacy and activism, and is specialized in areas such as women's rights and development, women's political participation, poverty and environment, women's reproductive health and rights. Her work spans from capacity building of community-based organizations to research, analysis and evidence-based advocacy with policymakers.She has over 60 publications to her credit, and her research, writing, and lecturing have focused on women and development, feminism, politics, the economic and environment challenges facing women, and sexual and reproductive health. She has been serving as a member of governing body and board of directors of national and international organizations, including as Vice-President of International Union for the Conservation of Nature, and the Society for International Development, ARROW, UNEP International Resource Panel, the Punjab Rural Support Programme, and the PANOS South Asia, and Lead Pakistan. She contributed to the development of Pakistan’s national conservation strategy, and represented West Asia on the International Union for Conservation of Nature Council (IUCN).  She sits on the board of directors of the International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD) as well as the editorial panel of the Society for Development’s journal, Development. She has served as the member of the  International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD) as well as the editorial panel of the Society for Development’s journal, Development, Working Group of Pakistan’s Planning Commission on Economy, Poverty and Sustainable Agriculture, and Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF).Over the course of her career, she has assumed diverse responsibilities and has got experience serving in universities, organizations, and human rights institutions. She has been the chair of the Senate of Karakoram International University. She has been associated with the women’s movement in Pakistan, and has given talks and lectures on several national and international forums on theme relating to women's rights, gender-based violence, women's development and empowerment, and environment challenges that affect women's health.

NCSW
Under her leadership, NCSW undertook several initiatives that contributed to the implementation of women's rights.

In November 2019, an agreement was signed with the Higher Education Commission (HEC) to set up a public library and women's museum in Islamabad.
In July 2018, NCSW's chairperson in collaboration with Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) established an early warning system in low-turnout areas of women to take action against the responsible by reporting it immediately to ECP to deal with the factors that bar them from voting or from running for office.
In January 2018, NCSW arranged the launch of an Urdu poetry book written by a domestic worker in order to encourage young women writers.
In 2006, NCSW conducted a survey on obstacles of women empowerment.
NCSW worked systematically and defined its priority areas three key dimensions such as; women’s economic participation, violence again women, and women’s participation in decision making especially elections – that affect women’s lives and status from the household to society.
NCSW has been involved in the drafting of laws related to rape and honor killing, domestic violence, Hindu marriages, elections reforms among others.
Reviewed Election Act, 2017, and gave recommendations which were incorporated before the passage of the law.
Monitored Elections 2013 and 2018 using a specially devised checklist to observe women’s participation in select constituencies across the country.
Monitored access to justice through research, and produced a report that highlighted problems in women’s access to justice in rape cases under the Women Protection act 2006.
Produced Women’s Economic Empowerment Status Report 2016 and Rural Women Status Report 2018 to be used as benchmarks for tracking progress in these areas.
Developed standardized indicators on violence against women (VAW) to be used for gathering data.
Produced Newsletters, NCSW Annual Reports for information and recommendations for policies and advocacy.
Facilitated Inter-provincial Women Ministers Group for coordination, referrals, and information sharing between provinces on women’s issues, laws and policies, and complaints as well as policy briefs for Standing Committees.

Controversy and farewell
In 2012, Khawar Mumtaz was finalized out of six shortlisted candidates as a Chairperson six months after the NCSW remained headless since the completion of Anis Haroon's term. She served as NCSW's Chairperson for the three-years tenure ended on 31 December 2015. Saira Afzal Tarar served as an acting chairperson for a month.
In 2016, the parliamentary committee on the Appointment of the Chairperson of NCSW finalized her for the next term, i.e. 2016-2019 out of the three nominations made by Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly. In February 2018, Dr. Farzana Bari challenged the appointment of Khawar Mumtaz by filing a petition in the court, pleading that the government has neither made the appointment of NCSW's chairperson in a transparent manner, nor has fulfilled the due procedures set for this according to NCSW Act, 2012, and her reappointment has violated the fundamental rights of the public at large. The Islamabad High Court (IHC) set aside the appointment of Khawar Mumtaz on grounds that the decision of the selection of the final name by a seven-member committee formulated by then Prime Minister was out of the scope of the NCSW Act, 2012.
The post of chairperson became vacant after the court set aside the appointment orders of the incumbent NCSW's head for no fault of hers, without questioning her qualifications and ability. Meanwhile, Dr. Huma Qureshi served as acting Chairperson for a few months, however, Khawar Mumtaz challenged the decision of the single bench of the IHC, after which the division bench granted stay order to her appeal for restoration as NCSW's chairperson in June 2018.
She completed her second term in the office that started on 31 October 2016 and ended on 30 October 2019. Several activists and writers including I.A. Rehman, Farhat Ullah Babar, Sherry Rehman, Kishwar Naheed, Samar Minallah, Haris Khalique and others got together to celebrate the successful six years tenure as Chairperson at NCSW, where she took several initiatives towards women's empowerment and rights in Pakistan, including developing reports, research studies, and reviewing laws, etc.

Awards and recognition
She received many awards for her contribution to women's empowerment.
In 1989, she received the Prime Minister’s award for her book Women of Pakistan; Two Steps Forward One step Back?, which she co-authored with Farida Shaheed.
She was one of the 100 nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005.
In 2006, she received the Sitara-e-Imtiaz for promotion of women's rights and social service.

Publications
She has contributed to several books and research reports as the author as well as the Editor.

Women of Pakistan; Two Steps Forward, One step Back?(1987)
Women’s Rights and the Punjab Peasant Movement (2012)
Informal Economy Budget Analysis Pakistan study (2009)
Beyond Risk Management: Vulnerability, Social Protection and Citizenship in Pakistan (2008)
Women, environment, and development (1993)
Pakistan: Tradition and Change (1996)
Pakistan Foreign Policy and the Legislature
Women's Representation, Effectiveness, and Leadership in South Asia
Land Rights and Soda Giants: Reviewing Coca-Cola's and PepsiCo's Land Assessments in Brazil (2016)
Pakistan: Tradition and Change (1996) and Diversification of Women's Employment Through Training: Pakistan (1991)
Women's Economic Participation in Pakistan: A Status Report
Diversification of Women's Employment Through Training: Pakistan (1991)
Age of Marriage: A Position Paper


Natalie Exon (born 7 December 1992) is an Australian rules footballer playing for St Kilda in the AFL Women's.

Early life
Exon was born in 1992. She was playing for the Darebin Falcons when she was drafted.

AFL Women's career
Exon was recruited by Carlton as a rookie player before the 2017 season. She made her debut in the Blues' inaugural game against Collingwood at Princes Park on 3 February 2017.
Exon's brother, Ryan, plays for the Coburg Lions in the mens VFL.
On 25 May 2017, Exon was, along with Bella Ayre, traded to Brisbane in a complex trade involving four teams, five players, and a draft pick.In April 2019, Exon joined expansion club St Kilda along with fellow Brisbane player Kate McCarthy. It was revealed Exon had signed on with the Saints for one more year on 30 June 2021, tying her to the club until the end of the 2021/2022 season.

References
External links
Nat Exon's profile on the official website of the St Kilda Football Club
Nat Exon at AustralianFootball.comTearaght Island or Inishtearaght (Irish: An Tiaracht, meaning "the westerly") is an uninhabited steep rocky island west of the Dingle Peninsula.

Geography
At longitude 10° 39.7' Tearaght is the westernmost of the Blasket Islands, and thus the westernmost island of Ireland. It is also one of the westernmost points in Europe after Iceland,  and Azores. However, there are some exposed rocks further west: Tearaght Rocks, Tearaght Rocks West (10° 41.0'), and Foze Rocks (10° 41.3').An Tiaracht is about a kilometre from east to west, and 500 metres (1,600 feet) from north to south. The island is divided into two sections, a larger eastern part (254 metres (833 feet) high) and a western part that rises to 116 metres (381 feet). A narrow neck of rock, with a natural tunnel through it, joins the two parts.

Demographics
Nature
Like the other Blasket Islands, Tiaracht holds large numbers of seabirds, with internationally important populations of Manx shearwater and European storm-petrel. Leach's storm-petrels have also been found there (but not proved to be breeding) in recent years. The number of auks, especially puffins, has apparently fluctuated greatly, though early records are not always reliable.

Inishtearaght Lighthouse
A lighthouse was established on the island in 1870, and automated in 1988. The lighthouse, maintained by the Commissioners of Irish Lights, has a tower 17 metres (56 feet) high and the focal height is at 84 metres (276 feet) above sea level, it has a range of 19 nautical miles (35 kilometres; 22 miles). The light was served by the steepest funicular rail track in Europe from 1913 until automation.

See also
Lighthouses in Ireland
Extreme points of Europe

References
External links
Details of lighthouseArgyronisos (Greek: Αργυρόνησος - "silver island") is a privately owned island in the Aegean Sea. The island lies between  Kanatadika on Euboea and the mainland near Achilleio, Magnesia. Administratively, it is part of the municipality Almyros. It is 240,000 metres large. The most prominent landmark on the island is the lighthouse built in 1899.


== Notes ==Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1993 Australian film directed by John Duigan and starring Karina Lombard and Nathaniel Parker. It is an adaptation of Jean Rhys's 1966 novel of the same name.

Premise
The novel and film explore Jean Rhys's account of the West Indian Creole heiress, here called Antoinette Cosway, who marries the Englishman Mr. Rochester from Jane Eyre, and becomes his "madwoman in the attic" featured in the novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë. For a full-length summary see: plot summary of Wide Sargasso Sea.

Cast
Karina Lombard – Antoinette Cosway
Nathaniel Parker – Edward Rochester
Rachel Ward – Annette Cosway
Michael York – Paul Mason
Martine Beswick – Aunt Cora
Claudia Robinson – Christophene
Huw Christie Williams – Richard Mason
Casey Berna – Young Antoinette Cosway
Rowena King – Amelie
Ben Thomas – Daniel Cosway
Naomi Watts – Fanny Grey

Release
Fine Line Features released the film for the United States market. The film was given a restrictive NC-17 rating due to its sexual content. Fine Line opted not to pursue a less restrictive, more marketable R rating.

Production
The screenplay was written by Australian director John Duigan, producer Jan Sharp, and Carole Angier, a Rhys biographer.
John Duigan later said he did not enjoy the experience of making this film:

It was probably the only really unsatisfying interaction that I've had with a production company and I found that I had major disagreements with them and with the producers. It was unfortunate. Jan Sharp, the producer of the film, had the tenacity to get the film made, but she and I had differences of opinion. She was very well informed on the book, and I'm sure her opinions were arguable, as I like to think mine were, but when you have a situation like that, I think the overall project can suffer. I think the film did suffer from that division.

Reception
Before release in the United States, the film was caught up in changing classification rules for films. Largely because it contained full frontal male nudity, as well as erotic content, it was classified as NC-17, which limited the number of theaters that would carry it. It received a largely favorable review by critic Vincent Canby of the New York Times. He describes the lean Gothic romance film as "romantic" but "without soft edges. It is as cool, precise and hard as the Rhys prose." Canby also notes that the casting of Karina Lombard, who is half-Lakota, adds an unstated racial dimension that is not part of the novel.Wide Sargasso Sea grossed $45,806 at the box office in Australia.

See also
Cinema of Australia
Wide Sargasso Sea (TV)

References
External links
Wide Sargasso Sea at IMDb
Wide Sargasso Sea at Rotten Tomatoes
Review at JaneEyre.netRabia Sport Club (Arabic: نادي ربيعة الرياضي), is an Iraqi football team based in Tel Afar District, Nineveh, that plays in the Iraq Division Two.

See also
2020–21 Iraq FA Cup
Iraq Division Two


Judah Loew ben Bezalel (Hebrew: יהודה ליווא בן בצלאל; between 1512 and 1526 – 17 September 1609), also known as Rabbi Loew (alt. Löw, Loewe, Löwe or Levai), the Maharal of Prague (Hebrew: מהר״ל מפראג), or simply the Maharal (the Hebrew acronym of "Moreinu ha-Rav Loew", 'Our Teacher, Rabbi Loew'), was an important Talmudic scholar, Jewish mystic, and philosopher who, for most of his life, served as a leading rabbi in the cities of Mikulov in Moravia and Prague in Bohemia.
Within the world of Torah and Talmudic scholarship, Loew is known for his works on Jewish philosophy and Jewish mysticism and his work Gur Aryeh al HaTorah, a supercommentary on Rashi's Torah commentary. He is also the subject of a 19th-century legend that he created the Golem of Prague, an animate being fashioned from clay.

Early life
Loew was probably born in Poznań, Poland,—though Perels lists the birth town mistakenly as Worms in the Holy Roman Empire—to Rabbi Bezalel (Loew), whose family originated from the Rhenish town of Worms. Perels claimed that his grandfather Chajim of Worms was the grandson of Judah Leib the Elder and thus a claimant to the Davidic line, through Sherira Gaon. However, modern scholars such as Otto Muneles have challenged this. Loew's birth year is uncertain, with different sources listing 1512, 1520 and 1526. His uncle Jakob ben Chajim was Reichsrabbiner ("Rabbi of the Empire") of the Holy Roman Empire, his brother Chaim of Friedberg a famous rabbinical scholar. There is no documented evidence of his having received formal religious education, leading scholars to conclude that he was an extremely gifted autodidact.

His name
His name "Löw" or "Loew", derived from the German Löwe, "lion" (cf. the Yiddish Leib of the same origin), is a kinnui or substitute name for the Hebrew Judah or Yehuda, as this name—originally of the tribe of Judah—is traditionally associated with a lion. In the Book of Genesis, the patriarch Jacob refers to his son Judah as a Gur Aryeh, a "Young Lion" (Genesis 49:9) when blessing him. In Jewish naming tradition the Hebrew name and the substitute name are often combined as a pair, as in this case. The Loew's classic work on the Rashi commentary of the Torah is called the Gur Aryeh al HaTorah in Hebrew, meaning "Young Lion [commenting] upon the Torah".
Loew's tomb in Prague is decorated with a heraldic shield with a lion with two intertwined tails (queue fourchee), alluding both to his first name and to Bohemia, the arms of which has a two-tailed lion.

Career
He accepted a rabbinical position in 1553 as Landesrabbiner of Moravia at Mikulov (Nikolsburg), directing community affairs but also determining which tractate of the Talmud was to be studied in the communities in that province. He also revised the community statutes on the election and taxation process. Although he retired from Moravia in 1588 at age 68, the communities still considered him an authority long after that.
One of his activities in Moravia was the rallying against slanderous slurs on legitimacy (Nadler) that were spread in the community against certain families and could ruin the finding of a marriage partner for the children of those families. This phenomenon even affected his own family. He used one of the two yearly grand sermons (between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur 1583) to denounce the phenomenon.
He moved back to Prague in 1588, where he again accepted a rabbinical position, replacing the retired Isaac Hayoth. He immediately reiterated his views on Nadler. On 23 February 1592, he had an audience with Emperor Rudolf II, which he attended together with his brother Sinai and his son-in-law Isaac Cohen; Prince Bertier was present with the emperor. The conversation seems to have been related to Kabbalah (Jewish mysticism, Hebrew: קַבָּלָה) a subject which held much fascination for the emperor.
In 1592, Loew moved to Poznań, where he had been elected as Chief Rabbi of Poland. In Poznań he composed Netivoth Olam and part of Derech Chaim (see below).
Loew's brother, Chaim ben Betzalel, authored a legal work which challenged the rulings of Crakow legalist, Moshe Isserles.

Influence
Disciples
It is unknown how many Talmudic rabbinical scholars Loew taught in Moravia, but the main disciples from the Prague period include Rabbis Yom-Tov Lipmann Heller and David Gans. The former promoted his teacher's program of regular Mishnah study by the masses, and composed his Tosefoth Yom Tov (a Mishnah commentary incorporated into almost all published editions of the Mishnah over the past few hundred years) with this goal in mind. David Ganz died young, but produced the work Tzemach David, a work of Jewish and general history, as well as writing on astronomy; both Loew and Ganz were in contact with Tycho Brahe, the famous astronomer.

Jewish philosophy
Loew's numerous philosophical works have become cornerstones of Jewish thought; and, in the words of a modern writer, Loew "prevented the Balkanization of Jewish thought".Loew was not a champion of the open study of Kabbalah as such, and none of his works are in any way openly devoted to it. Instead, what they attempt to do is to make the ideas of the Kabbalah (which he held to be the most deeply true of all the Torah) accessible to the average educated reader, by presenting them in a rigorously philosophical form, couched in terms that are accessible to the public. According to R. Loew, only the greatest of Torah scholars are able to perceive the full intent of the Kabbalistic works in their complex entirety. Therefore, although kabbalistic doctrine permeates his writings, it is always presented in a rational and philosophic form. As Lurianic Kabbalah had not by that time reached Europe, his main kabbalistic influences appear to have been the Zohar, Sefer Yetzirah, and traditions of the Chassidei Ashkenaz.
Faced with the Aristotelian interpretation of Talmudic Aggadot by Azariah dei Rossi, he was indignant at what he termed the trivialization of the Sages' deep wisdom. In his work Be'er ha-Golah he vigorously disputes all of dei Rossi's theses, sternly upholding the subtly allegorical nature of Aggadah and demonstrating its independence from (and superiority to) the superficial observations of natural science. At the same time he was entirely in favor of scientific research, so long as the researcher did not use his observations as permission to contradict the final authority of divine revelation. His constant thesis is that the Talmudic, Midrashic, and Aggadic teachings refer always to matters far beyond the competence of natural science.
See Aggadah § Interpretation of the Aggadah.
His works inspired the Polish branch of Hasidism, as well as a more recent wave of Torah scholars originating from Lithuania and Latvia, most markedly Rabbi Eliyahu Eliezer Dessler (1892–1953) as well as Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook (1864–1935).
A more recent authority who had roots in both traditions was Rabbi Isaac Hutner (1906–1980). Rabbi Hutner succinctly defined the ethos of Loew's teachings as being Nistar BeLashon Nigleh, meaning (in Hebrew): "The Hidden in the language of the Revealed". That is, Loew couched kabbalistic ideas in non-kabbalistic language. As a mark of his devotion to the ways of Loew, Rabbi Hutner bestowed the name of Loew's key work the Gur Aryeh upon a branch of the yeshiva he headed when he established its kollel (a yeshiva for post-graduate Talmud scholars) which then became a division of the Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin in New York during the 1950s, known as Kollel Gur Aryeh. Both of these institutions, and the graduates they produce, continue to emphasize the intellectual teachings of Loew. 
Rabbi Hutner in turn also maintained that Rabbi Samson Raphael Hirsch (1808–1888) (19th-century Germany) must also have been influenced by Loew's ideas basing his seemingly rationalistic Weltanschauung on the more abstract and abstruse teachings of the unfathomable Jewish Kabbalah.

Personal life
His family consisted of his wife, Pearl, six daughters, and a son, Bezalel, who became a Rabbi in Kolín, but died early in 1600.
He was independently wealthy, probably as a result of his father's successful business enterprises.

Death
Towards the end of his life he moved back to Prague, where he died in 1609. He was buried in the Old Jewish Cemetery, Prague. 
Loew is buried at the Old Jewish Cemetery, Prague in Josefov, where his grave and intact tombstone can still be visited.

Descendants
Among his many descendants were Schneur Zalman of Liadi, founder of Chabad Hasidism. Through this paternal line, Loew is the ancestor of many prominent Jews, including Menachem Mendel Schneerson, seventh Rebbe of Lubavitch, and violinist Yehudi Menuhin. Loew is also a (paternal) ancestor of Rebbe Nachman of Breslov (who was also a maternal great-grandson of the Baal Shem Tov, founder of Hasidic Judaism), and an ancestor of aerodynamic theoretician Theodore von Kármán. His descendants' surnames include Braude, Leib, Lev, Lew, Loewy, Loeb, Lowy, Lowi, Low-Beer, Loew, Oppenheimer, Pfaelzer, Schneerson, Lowenstein, Gurary and Keim.
In Sherry Turkle's book, The Second Self, there is a footnote which states that several well known AI researchers grew up with a family tradition that they are descendants of Loew, including Gerald Sussman, Marvin Minsky and Joel Moses. Moses reported that a number of other scientists considered themselves descendants as well, including John von Neumann and Norbert Wiener.

Legend of the golem
Loew is the subject of the legend about the creation of a golem, a creature made out of clay to defend the Jews of the Prague Ghetto from antisemitic attacks, particularly the blood libel. He is said to have used mystical powers based on the esoteric knowledge of how God created Adam. The general view of historians and critics is that the legend is a German literary invention of the early 19th century. The earliest known source for the story thus far is the 1834 book Der Jüdische Gil Blas by Friedrich Korn. It has been repeated and adapted many times since.

Works
He began publishing his books at a very late age. In 1578, at the age of 66, he published his first book, Gur Aryeh ("Young Lion", Prague 1578) - an supercommentary in five volumes for Rashi's commentary on the Torah, which goes well beyond that, and four years later he published his book Gevuroth HaShem ("God's Might[y Acts]", Cracow 1582) anonymously.

Gur Aryeh ("Young Lion", Prague 1578), a supercommentary on Rashi's Pentateuch commentary
Gevuroth Hashem ("God's Mighty Acts", Cracow 1582), for the holiday of Passover - On the Exodus and the Miracles.
Derech Chaim ("Way of Life", Cracow 1589), a commentary on the Mishnah tractate Avoth
Derashot ("Sermons", Prague 1589 and 1593), collected edition by Haim Pardes, Tel Aviv 1996.
Netivoth Olam ("Pathways of the World", Prague 1595-1596), a work of ethics
Be'er ha-Golah ("The Well of Exile", Prague 1598), an explanatory work on the Talmudic and Midrashic Aggadah, mainly responding to interpretations by the Italian scholar Azariah dei Rossi (Azariah min ha-Adumim)
Netzach Yisrael ("The Eternity of Israel", Prague 1599; Netzach "eternity", has the same root as the word for victory), on Tisha B'Av (an annual day of mourning about the destruction of the Temples and the Jewish exile) and the final deliverance
Tif'ereth Yisrael ("The Glory of Israel", Venice 1599), philosophical exposition on the Torah, intended for the holiday of Shavuot
Or Chadash ("A New Light", Prague 1600), on Purim
Ner Mitzvah ("The Candle of the Commandment", Prague 1600), on Hanukkah
Chiddushei Aggadot ("Novellae on the Aggada", the narrative portions of the Talmud), discovered in the 20th century
Divrei Negidim ("Words of Rectors"), a commentary on the Seder of Pesach, published by a descendant
Chiddushim al Ha-Shas, a commentary on Talmud, recently published for the first time from a manuscript by Machon Yerushalayim on Bava Metzia; Shabbos, and Eruvin; others may be forthcoming.
Various other works, such as his responsa and works on the Jewish Sabbath and the holidays of Sukkot, Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur, have not been preserved.His works on the holidays bear titles that were inspired by the Biblical verse in I Chronicles 29:11: "Yours, O Lord, are the greatness, and the might, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty, for all that is in the heavens and on the earth [is Yours]; Yours is the kingdom and [You are He] Who is exalted over everything as the Leader." The book of "greatness" (gedula) on the Sabbath was not preserved, but the book of "power" (gevurah) is Gevurath Hashem, the book of glory (tif'arah) is Tif'ereth Yisrael, and the book of "eternity" or "victory" (netzach) is Netzach Yisrael.

Commemoration
In April 1997, Czech Republic and Israel jointly issued a set of stamps, one of which featured the tombstone of Loew. In May 2009, the Czech Post issued a stamp commemorating the 400th anniversary of Loew's death. In June 2009 the Czech Mint issued a commemorative coin marking the same milestone.

See also
Kerem Maharal, a moshav in northern Israel named in his honour
André Neher
Statue of Judah Loew ben Bezalel, Prague

References
Further reading
Byron L. Sherwin, Mystical Theology and Social Dissent: The Life and Works of Judah Loew of Prague (Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1982)
Rivka Schatz Uffenheimer, "Maharal's Conception of Law- Antithesis to Natural Law" Jewish Law Annual Vol. VI.
Rivka Schatz Uffenheimer, "Existence and Eschatology in the Teachings of the Maharal" Immanuel 14 (Spring 1982) 66–97; Immanuel 15 (Winter 1982-3) 62–72.
Moshe Zuriel "Numbers: Their meaning and Symbolism According to Maharal" [Hebrew] HaMaayan 18:3 (1978) 14–23; 18:4 (1978) 30–41, reprinted in Sefer Ozrot Gedolei Yisroel (Jerusalem:2000) volume 1, pp. 204–228.
Martin Buber, "The Beginning of the National Idea" On Zion: The History of an Idea. (New York, Schocken Books, 1973).
Otto Dov Kulka, "The Historical Background of the National and Educational Teachings of the Maharal of Prague" [Hebrew] Zion 50 (1985) 277–320.
Benjamin Gross, Netzah Yisrael (Tel Aviv: Devir, 1974)
Mordechai Breuer, "The Maharal of Prague's Disputation with Christians: A Reappraisal of Be'er Ha-Golah" in Tarbiẕ (1986) 253-260
Adlerstein Y. Be'er Hagolah: The Classic Defense of Rabbinic Judaism Through the Profundity of the Aggadah. New York, NY: Mesorah Publications, 2000. ISBN 1-57819-463-6.
Aharon Kleinberger, The Educational Theory of the Maharal of Prague [Hebrew] (Magnes: 1962).
Andre Neher, Jewish Thought and the Scientific Revolution: David Gans (1541–1613) and his times (Oxford-New York: Littman Library, 1986)
Neher, Faust et le Maharal de Prague: le Mythe et le Reel (Paris: Presses Universitaires de France, 1987);
Neher, Le Puits de l'Exil: la Theologie Dialectique du Maharal de Prague (Paris: A. Michel, 1996)
Neher, Mishnato shel ha-Maharal mi-Prague, Reʾuven Mass, c2003.
Gross, Benjamin, Yehi Or (Reʾuven Mass, 1995).
Gross, Benjamin, Netsah Yiśraʾel Tel Aviv : Devir, 1974.
Eliyahu Yaakov Deutsch, Shabbos Insights Of The Maharal Jerusalem: Targum, 2009.
Shulman, Yaacov Dovid (1992). The Maharal of Prague: The Story of Rabbi Yehudah Loew. CIS Publishers. ISBN 978-1-56062-168-3.

External links
YIVO Encyclopedia - Yehudah Leib ben Betsalel
Gregor Brand (2008). "Löw, Juda (Yehuda, Jehudah, Yudah, Judah) ben Bezalel (auch Löwe, Löb, Livia, Liwa etc., Akronym: "MaHaRaL")".  In Bautz, Traugott (ed.). Biographisch-Bibliographisches Kirchenlexikon (BBKL) (in German). Vol. 29. Nordhausen: Bautz. cols. 858–877. ISBN 978-3-88309-452-6.
Yehuda Loew — The Maharal jewishvirtuallibrary.org
Family tree
Shiurim on Derech Chaim at Torah.org

Resources
Tiferet Yisrael, Hebrew full textArif-ur-Rehman Alvi  (Urdu: عارف الرحمان علوی; born 29 August 1949) is a Pakistani politician serving as the 13th and the current president of Pakistan, in office since 9 September 2018.
He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 to May 2018 and again from August to September 2018. A founding member of Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI), Alvi was elected as President of Pakistan on 4 September 2018 following the presidential election.

Early life and education
Alvi was born on 29 August 1949 in Karachi, Pakistan, to an Urdu-speaking family.  
His father, Habib-ur-Rehman Elahi Alvi, was a dentist in British India who migrated to Karachi after the establishment of Pakistan, and opened a dental clinic in the Saddar Town. His father became politically affiliated with Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan. According to the website of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, Alvi's father was a dentist of Jawaharlal Nehru.After his father started a campaign against compulsory Bible classes, he was expelled from Karachi Grammar School. He completed his early education in Karachi, and moved to Lahore in 1967 for education in dentistry. Alvi received a Bachelor of Dental Surgery degree from De'Montmorency College of Dentistry. He completed his master's degree in prosthodontics from the University of Michigan in 1975. Alvi received a master's degree in orthodontics in 1984 from the University of the Pacific in San Francisco, California. After returning to Pakistan, he started practicing dentistry and setup Alvi Dental Hospital.Alvi is married to Samina Alvi. The couple has four married children.In March 2021, he tested positive for COVID-19 after receiving the first dose of the vaccine.

Professional career
In 1981, Alvi was Chairman of the first Pakistan International Dental Conference. In 1987, he became Chairman of the Third Pakistan International Dental Conference. He became Patron of the Fifth Pakistan International Dental Conference. In 1997, Alvi became a Diplomate of the American Board of Orthodontics. He prepared the constitution of the Pakistan Dental Association and went on to become as its president. He also served as Chairman of the 28th Asia Pacific Dental Congress.He served as Dean of the Faculty of Orthodontics of the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan. In 2006, he was elected as the President of Asia Pacific Dental Federation. The next year, he was elected as a Councillor of the FDI World Dental Federation.

Political career
Alvi began his political career as a polling agent, and joined a religious party.While studying at De'Montmorency College of Dentistry, he became an active member of the student unions. He became politically affiliated with Islami Jamiat Talaba, a student wing of Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan (JI) and went on to become president of the student union. During his early days, he was a critic of the Ayub Khan regime and was shot twice while participating in a protest 1969 at The Mall, Lahore; a bullet still remains lodged in his body.He became politically active after Zulfikar Ali Bhutto announced the 1977 Pakistani general election.He ran for a seat on the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of the JI from a constituency in Karachi in 1979 but was unsuccessful. In 1988, he quit JI and left politics. According to Alvi, he left the party because he had become disillusioned with their narrow focus on politics and had "always felt honest leadership is the real solution to Pakistan’s problems".After getting inspired by Imran Khan, he joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf in 1996 and became one of the founding members of the party. He participated in preparing the party constitution of PTI.He remained a member of the PTI central executive council for a year before becoming president of PTI's Sindh chapter in 1997.Alvi ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PTI from Constituency PS-89 (Karachi South-V) in the 1997 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He came in third receiving 2,200 votes and losing the seat to Saleem Zia.In 2001, he became the vice president of PTI.He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PTI from Constituency PS-90 (Karachi-II) in the 2002 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He came in at sixth place securing 1,276 votes and losing the seat to Umer Sadiq, a candidate of the Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).In 2006, he became secretary general of PTI, a position he served in until 2013.He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of PTI from Constituency NA-250 (Karachi-XII) in the 2013 Pakistani general election. He received 77,659 votes and defeated Khushbakht Shujaat. Upon his successful election, he became the only PTI member to win a National Assembly seat from Sindh in the 2013 general elections.In 2016, he was made president of the PTI Sindh chapter.He was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of PTI from Constituency NA-247 (Karachi South-II) in the 2018 Pakistani general election. He received 91,020 votes and defeated Syed Zaman Ali Jaffery, a candidate of Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan.On 18 August 2018, he was nominated by PTI as its candidate for the office of President of Pakistan. On 4 September 2018, he was elected as 13th President of Pakistan in the 2018 Pakistani presidential election. He received 352 electoral votes and defeated Fazal-ur-Rehman and Aitzaz Ahsan who secured 184 and 124 votes, respectively. Upon getting elected as the President, Alvi thanked Prime Minister Imran Khan, and the government coalition for their support. He is the third President of Pakistan whose family migrated to Pakistan from India after the Partition of India. On 5 September 2018, he relinquished his National Assembly seat. On 9 September, he replaced Mamnoon Hussain and was sworn in as 13th President of Pakistan. On 17 September, he addressed the National Assembly for the first time in his capacity as president.

Presidential initiatives
In 2018, he started the Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence and Computing (PIAIC).The privately funded not-for-profit educational initiative is launched to help promote education, research and business opportunities in Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, and Cloud Native computing and Internet of Things. He believes that the world is on the verge of the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) that would change the overall outlook of the industrial working.The initiative is being run with the help of public-private partnerships with non-profit and for-profit organizations.The program has an initial target to enroll as many as 100,000 students within a year.The program has been launched in the city of Karachi where as many as 12,000 students are enrolled in the 4 disciplines being offered and registration is underway to offer it in Islamabad, and Faisalabad. The program is expected to expand to Lahore, Peshawar, and Quetta in the near future.

Women's Inclusion in Technology
One of the most important goals of the PIAIC was to provide a conduit for women to seek and find quality and affordable high tech training in most cities of Pakistan.  This has resulted in creation of "Women's Inclusion in Technology", a women's empowerment division in the PIAIC.  The division is led by Hira Khan, who is also the COO of Panacloud (Pvt.), Ltd. and a well-seasoned IT trainer and software engineer. She has championed women's empowerment and especially their economic empowerment in Pakistan.

First visit to a Federal Ministry
Alvi's first-ever visit to a federal ministry as president was in June 2020 when he visited the headquarters of the Ministry of Maritime Affairs. Alvi launched the Ministry's official website on the occasion of World Ocean Day and was briefed by Maritime Minister Ali Haider Zaidi and Federal Secretary Rizwan Ahmed about the ministry's role and achievements.


Lester Park Golf Course is one of two public golf courses located in the port city of Duluth, Minnesota. The original eighteen-hole golf course was made up the north shore of Duluth, near the Lester Park River. The golf course was established in 1934. The other course, Enger Park, is located near the Duluth landmark, Enger Tower, and was established earlier than Lester in the 1920s. Lester Park is well known around Minnesota for its spectacular beauty and rich history as a golf course because a unique view of Lake Superior is available on 20 of the 27 golf holes. The original 18 holes have been redone four times since their initial design. In 1997, Paul Schintz, a former club pro from St. Paul, took over Lester Park as PGA Golf Professional.  In 2003, Schintz became the Director of Golf, overseeing both Lester Park and Enger Park clubhouse operations. The golf courses were split to a 2 golf pro / 2 contract setup in 2005 with the addition of Steve Anderson to Enger Park Golf Course, with Schintz remaining at Lester Park. In 2007, the Duluth city council voted to accept a contract with Professional Golf Management, Inc.  The Management company consisted of partners Schintz, as PGA Golf Professional and Jud Crist, Golf Course Superintendent. The management company now operates both facilities for the City of Duluth, overseeing clubhouse and maintenance operations. Management Inc.
Lester Park's front and back nines are a full par 72 golf course and has a yardage of 6,828 yards from the hardest tees.

History
The history of the golf course started with the glaciation of Minnesota providing a rich landscape of hills and fertile soil; prime golf course potential to the developers of Duluth. The current course that was available at the time was too far for some people to commit to so the city decided to build another golf course in 1934 out in the northeastern part of the city. The land for city development in Lakeside was donated in 1890 by Oliver Iron Mining president Thomas Cole.

The course
The golf course has 27 holes with an 18-hole course and then a tougher, more challenging, 9-hole course. The grass itself in the fairway is a bluegrass of the Poa Genus. The greens were originally designed with Bermuda Grass but due to recent harsh weathers the grass on the green has been switched in many spots to bentgrass due to bent's ability to survive in harsher conditions, and for its ability to be cut at very short lengths without being damaged and allowing for a lot of foot traffic at the same time. The course contains four different sets of tee boxes ranging from a red colored tee, known for being the shortest distance to the hole; the farthest tees are blue colored. A group making tee times at the golf course, unless larger than 10 people can usually call up to one week in advance to obtain a desired tee time. The Cancellation policy as stated on their website says that 24 hours in the maximum time to cancel.


Bernard Grosse Broermann (born 1943/44) is a German billionaire, the founder of Asklepios Kliniken, one of Germany's three largest operators of private hospitals. It employs more than 45,000 people, and owns 150 hospitals worldwide.

Early life
Bernard gr. Broermann grew up in Damme and studied medicine and chemistry in Berlin and Münster up to the respective preliminary examinations. He then switched to studying law andbusiness administration and graduated with both legal state examinations and admission to the bar. He was awarded a doctorate in law in 1970 with his dissertation ‘The Scope ofInvestment Legislation’. During his studies, he founded the company, "Capital Treuhand", which was responsible for managing SEC-controlled funds. After completing his studies in Berlin, he sold this company. Broermann has an MBA from the INSEAD and Harvard University.

Career
Before founding the organisation Asklepios, and his first hospital in 1984, Broermann worked as an accountant and lawyer before founding Asklepios and his first hospital in 1984.Asklepios Kliniken has moved into luxury hotels with it subsidiary, Dr. Broermann Hotels & Residences GmbH, which has bought Hotel Atlantic Kempinski in Hamburg, the Kempinski Hotel Falkenstein in Königstein, a luxury hotel and spa in the Taunus region near Frankfurt, and the Villa Rothschild Kempinski near Frankfurt. In the 2018 fiscal year, the Asklepios Group achieved an operating result (EBITDA) of €397.6 million with an annualrevenue of more than €3.4 billion, earnings after tax (EAT) amounted to €171.1 million; the number of full-time employees was 35,327 at the 2018 balance sheet date.As of November 2015, October 2020 estimated his net worth at US$3.5 billion.

Personal life
Broermann is married with three children and lives in Königstein, Germany.


Sweet Revenge is an album by David Johansen, released in 1984. It is the only Johansen album to be released on Passport Records. It was his first album without any participation by anyother former members of the New York Dolls.  

Around the time of Sweet Revenge, Johansen adopted his alter-ego, Buster Poindexter.  For the next 15 years, Buster Poindexter would remain at the forefront of Johansen's music career.

Track listing
All tracks composed by David Johansen and Joe Delia; except where indicated:

"Heard The News"
"Big Trouble"
"I Ain't Workin' Anymore"
"King Of Babylon" (David Johansen, Joe Delia, Danny Toan)
"Sweet Revenge"
"Too Many Midnights"
"In My Own Time"
"The Stinkin' Rich" (David Johansen, Joe Delia, Brett Cartwright)
"N.Y. Doll"

Personnel
David Johansen – lead vocals
Patti Scialfa – backing vocals on "Big Trouble"
David Nelson – guitar, Roland synthesizer, backing vocals
Neil Jason – bass on "N.Y. Doll"
Joe Delia – keyboards, sequential programming
Soozie Kirschner – backing vocals on "Big Trouble"
Brett Cartwright – bass, backing vocals
Dennis McDermott – drums, backing vocals
Steve Thornton – percussion
Jimmy Ripp – guitar
Artie Kaplan – saxophone on "N.Y. Doll"
Rocky Savino, Jr. – harmonica on "In My Own Time"
Peter Gordon – saxophone
Stephen Bray – drums
April Lang – backing vocals on "Big Trouble"
"Big" Jay McNeely – saxophone on "I Ain't Workin' Anymore"
Claudia Engelhart - "newscaster" on "Heard The News"TechnicalDavitt Sigerson and Michael Zilkha - production on "King of Babylon" and "The Stinkin' Rich"
Richard Gottehrer - production on "Sweet Revenge"
Larry Alexander, Fred Heller, Tom Lord-Alge - engineers


Philip Clarke (born (1971-05-16)16 May 1971) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. A Great Britain and England international representative back-rower or stand-off, he played his club rugby league in England for Wigan (with whom he won five consecutive Challenge Cup Finals from 1991 to 1995), and in Australia for the Sydney City Roosters.Since his retirement he has continued to work in the sport as a manager, executive and commentator.

Background
Clarke was born on 16 May 1971 in Blackrod, Lancashire, England. For much of his early career he balanced playing rugby with studies at the University of Liverpool.
He is the son of Colin Clarke, the Wigan and England hooker of the 1960s and 1970s, and Wigan coach of the 1980s.

Playing career
Clarke was part of a Wigan side that dominated English rugby league in the late 1980s and 1990s, winning the Championship in six consecutive seasons and the Challenge Cup in seven consecutive seasons during Clarke's time at the club. Clarke played in five Challenge Cup final victories, from 1991 to 1995.
He played in three World Club Challenges for Wigan - the 1991 victory against the visiting Penrith Panthers, the 1992 home defeat by the visiting Brisbane Broncos and the 1994 victory over the Broncos in Brisbane.
Clarke was selected to go on the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand. He played in the back-row in Great Britain's win over Australia in Melbourne. He represented England at the 1995 Rugby League World Cup. He became the first player to win England caps whilst at the Sydney City Roosters. He played in the 1995 World Cup Final at second-row but Australia won the match and retained the Cup.
He moved to Sydney City Roosters in 1995 but his playing career was cut short when he suffered a broken neck in his only season there. Although he made a full recovery, he was warned by doctors never to play rugby league again.

Post-playing career
Clarke was Wigan's chief executive from 1997 to 1998, when they won the Grand Final of Super League III.
He became a Sky Sports commentator in 1999 alongside Bill Arthur on Academy matches and moved on to work with Eddie Hemmings and Mike "Stevo" Stephenson on Super League broadcasts. 
In March 2006 he left the position of Great Britain team manager after five years, having become part of the Great Britain set-up in 2001. He said his reasons for leaving were the "lack of leadership and direction" for the Great Britain team, and the lack of improvement in competitiveness against international opponents, adding that "despite what's been said by the RFL and certain parts of the media, we're no closer now than we were 15 years ago."
He is a director of The Sports Office, a sports software company.
In February 2019 Phil became an Full Member of the St Helens Rugby League Referees Society.

References
External links
Phil Clarke Wigan Playing Career Page on the Wigan RL Fansite.
Rugby League's Generation GameIstiqbal Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.

Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-28 (Buner) as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) in by-polls held in 2008. He received 30,903 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Bakht Jehan Khan.In November 2010, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made minister of state without any portfolio until February 2011. He also served as special assistant to the prime minister of Pakistan with the status of minister of state.In 2013, he left ANP and joined Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F) (JUI-F).


Julus (alternately written as Iulus) is a genus of millipedes in the family Julidae, containing the following species:


Angustown School was a government school in the district of Angustown in Victoria, Australia. It is located 140 kilometres (87 mi) north of Melbourne near Nagambie and Whroo.

History
The Angustown School, also known as Bailieston North School, operated from 1889 to 1903.
The school was located near Reedy Lake and close to a sawmill operated by local entrepreneur Angus Cameron, who gave the district its name. The school was placed there at the request of Mr Cameron. The families of the men he employed had 40 children, so he asked that a school be provided for them.
A report by inspector Samuel Ware dated December 28, 1888, describes most of the parents as working at Cameron's mill plus "two have small selections near the sawmill, but they depend for their livelihood on it."
He wrote that 12 children of school age lived within two miles of the school, with 12 others being aged between three and six.
Mr Ware said the children of the district would be unable to attend other schools. Whroo was six miles distant. The nearest school, Bailieston, was 3.5 miles away in a straight line without roads and the "intervening space is often flooded."
The inspector recommended against purchasing a site for the proposed school at Angustown, and noted that Mr Cameron had promised to erect a suitable building.
The department agreed if accommodation could be found for the teacher. It paid Cameron one shilling a year rent for the land on which the school, originally known as Bailieston North, was built. The school opened on May 16, 1889, with Elizabeth Moss as head teacher. Its average attendance that year was 18.

In June 1889, inspector Dean reported:
"The building has been erected by the residents. It is constructed of hardwood, with the exception of the floor. It has no ceiling and is not lined. No fireplace or chimney has been built, and as the winter threatens to be a severe one, I recommend that an iron chimney be sent at once. I think Mr A. Cameron will undertake to put it up at once.
"The outoffices (supplied by the department) have not yet been put up. The teacher informed me that they were delivered on the 12th and that the person who delivered them promised to return very soon and put them up.
"Since the 12th the Goulburn has been very high and probably this has prevented the carrier from returning. A tank has also to be delivered."
A 1900 inventory of property shows such items as: An infantry drill, manual of health and temperance, one chart of common birds of Victoria, an alphabet register and corporal punishment register. Books included school readers, a Moral Lesson and Empire History. There were maps of the world, Victoria (very damaged), Europe, Australasia and a war map of South Africa. There was a physics primer, easel, stove and two blackboards.
By March 1902 the school's condition had deteriorated and the department had little interest in maintaining it given declining enrolments.
A letter from the teacher, M. Barrie, dated March 10, 1902, said that when she returned after the Christmas break she found the water tank to be poisoned (a dead bird being the cause). Someone had removed the pipe to get water because the tap was in the schoolroom.
"I had to go to the expense of having it emptied," Miss Barrie wrote.
She was advised the expense would have to be paid for out of her maintenance allowance, which she disputed.
Her complaints continued on September 12, 1902, when she wrote:
"I wish to say that the building is a very poor one. In winter it is very cold and in the summer very hot. At all times very draughty. If it were lined with weatherboards and a fireplace put in it would be very comfortable.
"It is almost impossible to keep it clean and all the pictures are spoilt either with the rain, or the smoke from the stove. In my opinion it would cost a great deal to put in proper order."
The school closed in 1903 and the remaining pupils transferred to Whroo.

The site today
There are no visible signs remaining of the school. There are no public buildings in the vicinity and the name Angustown is rarely used.


E-Tribe (Hangul: 이트라이브) is a South Korean record artist and music duo consisting of Ahn Myung-won and Kim Young-deuk.  They are most known for producing "Gee" by Girls' Generation, "U-Go-Girl" by Lee Hyo-ri, "Yayaya" by T-ara, "It's You" by Super Junior, and "I Know" by Se7en.  Due to the consistent success of these singles, the duo has become well accepted and known in the South Korean music scene.In January 2011, Happy Face Entertainment debuted their own girl group, Dal Shabet.  Their debut song, "Supa Dupa Diva", produced by E-Tribe was released on January 3, 2011.  The duo has also produced a number of their comeback tracks, including "Pink Rocket", "Bling Bling", "Hit U" and "Mr. Bang Bang".
Since late 2011 only Ahn Myung-won uses the name E-tribe. In 2012 he founded Elephant Entertainment. An entertainment company with various artists and is the CEO of that company.

Members
Ahn Myung-won
Born on January 30, 1978
CEO of Elephant Entertainment

Former Members
Kim Young-deuk
Also known as E.D.
Born on January 20, 1977 in Daejeon City
Music professor at Daekyeung University since 2013

Credits
Below is a list of works produced and composed by E-Tribe in chronological order. Listed by year and date [MM/DD].

2006
[02/01] "Slave" (노예) for Lee Hyori
[03/08] "I Know" (난 알아요) for Se7en

2007
[06/14] "Girl Like That" for Son Dam Bi

2008
[03/12] "Let's Get It Party" for Gummy
[04/08] "4th Hitter" (4번타자) for Honey Boys
[07/01] "Kiss Me (Feat. Ymga)" for Uhm Jung-hwa
[07/14] "U-Go-Girl" for Lee Hyo-ri
[07/14] "P. P. P (Punky Punky Party) (With Nassun)" for Lee Hyo-ri
[10/01] "It's Okay" (괜찮아) for Nassun
[10/01] "S.W.E.E.T (Feat. Leo Kekoa)" for Nassun
[10/01] "After Party (Feat. Sugar Flow)" for Nassun
[11/27] "Yodel" for KARA

2009
[01/07] "Gee" for Girls' Generation
[02/18] "How" (어떻게) for Sori
[02/26] "Say My Name (Feat. Gilme)" for Nassun
[02/26] "come2play (Feat. Han Seung-yeon of Kara)" (놀러와) for Nassun
[02/26] "For You (Feat. Kim Kyung Rok of V.O.S)" (바로 너)for Nassun
[04/30] "I like choco ft. Nassun and Happyface" for Kim Jung-eun
[05/14] "It's You" (너라고) for Super Junior
[05/19] "Crazy" for Lee Jung Hyun
[05/19] "2night (Feat. Bigtone & Sugar Flow)" for Lee Jung Hyun
[07/10] "Cold Noodles" (냉면) for Jessica (Girls' Generation) & Park Myeong-su
[08/25] "Rally" for Jewelry
[09/17] "Confession" (告白) for Super Junior-M
[09/17] "Love Is" (사랑이란) for Lee Seung-gi
[10/29] "Rally Ver. 2" for Seo In-guk
[11/19] "Mom" (엄마) for E-Tribe
[11/19] "Mom (Acoustic guitar ver.)" (엄마) for E-Tribe

2010
[01/28] "Star Star Star" (별별별) for Girls' Generation
[01/28] "Be Happy" for Girls' Generation
[03/22] "Star Star Star (Acoustic R&B ver)" (별별별) for Girls' Generation
[04/16] "Outlaw in the Wild" (황야의 무법자) for Hyuna of 4minute & Nassun
[04/30] "World Cup Chant" for "The Brotherhood"
[06/08] "My Luv" for XCROSS
[07/20] "Whale" (고래) for Nicole Jung of Kara & Park Myeong-su
[08/26] "U" for 4MEN
[09/03] "O-IWI-O" for Nassun & MBLAQ's GO. O-IWI-O is a response to Gee
[10/11] "Blue Moon (Feat. Nassun)" for Sun Woo
[10/21] "Eyes Nose Mouth (Feat. 4MEN)" (눈코입) for Sun Woo
[12/02] "Yayaya" for T-ara
[12/22] "What Are You Doing (4MEN. MIII)" (뭐하) for YWHO家

2011
[01/04] "Dal Shabet" for Dal Shabet
[01/04] "Supa Dupa Diva" for Dal Shabet
[01/04] "Hottie" (매력덩어리) for Dal Shabet
[01/04] "Bad Guy" (나쁜 남자) for Joo
[01/05] "Honey Funny Bunny" for U-Know Yunho (TVXQ)
[01/10] "Cry" for MBLAQ
[01/26] "Then I can live" (그때난사는거야) for Haeri of Davichi
[02/16] "Don't know" (잘몰라) for Park Daye
[02/22] "Uppercut" for Insooni
[03/08] "Angel" for Kim Hyung Jun
[03/08] "oH! aH!" for Kim Hyung Jun
[04/14] "Shakalaka" for Dal Shabet
[04/14] "Don't move" (그대로 멈춰라) for Dal Shabet
[04/14] "Pink Rocket" for Dal Shabet
[05/17] "Shameless Lie" (뻔뻔한 거짓말) for Gayoon from Lie To Me OST
[06/29] "Yayaya remix ver." for T-ara
[08/11] "BEEP" for Dal Shabet
[08/11] "Dream in U" for Dal Shabet
[08/11] "Bling Bling" for Dal Shabet
[11/01] "That Man, That Woman" (그남자 그여자) for 4men & MIIII
[11/01] "That Woman" (그여자) for 4men & MIIII

2012
[01/26] "Hit U" for Dal Shabet
[01/26] "Hit U (Remix)" for Dal Shabet
[01/26] "Dream in U (Remix)" for Dal Shabet
[06/07] "Mr. Bang Bang" for Dal Shabet

2013
[02/21] "One Hour Two Hours" (한 시간 두 시간) for MIII
[08/20] "Why not" for History
[11/06] "Hush" for miss A
[11/06] "Hush (Party Ver.)" for miss A

2015
[05/21] "Slow down" for History
[07/31] "Pinocchio" for Insooni
[11/02] "Cry & Blow" (울고 분다) for Joo (singer)

2016
[06/17] "Hustle" for Park Ki Ryang
[06/17] "Lucky Charm" for Park Ki Ryang
[06/17] "Scar" (흠집) for Park Ki Ryang

2017
[06/07] "B.B.B.BOO" for Cosmic Girls

2018
[05/30] "love4eva (feat. Grimes)" for Loona sub-unit yyxy

References
External links
KBS biographyTaslim Samji is a Canadian interdisciplinary artist, writer and curator based in Burnaby, British Columbia.

Life and education
Born in Tanzania, Taslim Samji immigrated to Canada at a young age and now lives and works in Burnaby, Canada.  She was educated at the University of British Columbia (Bachelor of Arts, Asian Studies), British Columbia Institute of Technology (marketing diploma) and Emily Carr University of Art and Design (Fine Arts Certificate program).

Exhibitions
As an artist, Samji has participated in exhibitions, including Change – Contemporary Ismaili Muslim Art, held at the Surrey Art Gallery in 2014 and Kaleidoscope Fest in 2016.As a curator, she is known for bridging cultural barriers among Ismaili Muslims and highlighting the work of women artists.  Samji curated Discovery: A Slice of Diversity at the Deer Lake Gallery (Burnaby Arts Council) in 2014, featuring the work of Canadian Ismaili Muslim artists with origins in East Africa. In November-December 2015, she curated Odyssey: Past Meets Present at the Roundhouse Community Arts and Recreation Centre in the Yaletown neighbourhood of Vancouver, in which 15 artists with geographically diverse backgrounds were invited to contribute artworks exploring how their past experiences influence their current work. The exhibition "Commonality", held at the Newton Cultural Centre in January 2016, illustrated the common ground among nine female Ismaili Muslim artists from East Africa, India and Pakistan.

Writing
Samji, Taslim (January 2016). "Women in Art". Spotlight on the Visual Arts: 11. Retrieved 21 January 2016.


Erik Bonino (born July 1963) is a former Chairman of Shell UK.

Career
Previous to Shell he worked in the oil industry for eighteen years.

Shell UK
He joined Shell in 2002. Shell UK is headquartered at the Shell Centre. He is a trustee of EngineeringUK. He became Chairman of Shell UK on 1 April 2014.

See also
Carl-Henric Svanberg, Chairman of BP
Peter Mather (businessman), Head of BP UK since 2004

References
External links
Shell UK
Telegraph November 2014
Government blogAugust Herman Pfund (December 28, 1879 – January 4, 1949) was an American physicist, spectroscopist, and inventor.

Early life
Pfund was born in Madison, Wisconsin and attended Wisconsin public schools until his entry into the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he earned a B.S. degree in physics and studied under Robert W. Wood.

Career
Both Wood and Pfund left Wisconsin for Johns Hopkins University in 1903. From 1903 to 1905 Pfund was a Carnegie research assistant and continued to work under Wood. In 1906 Pfund earned his Ph.D. in physics and was a Johnston scholar from 1907 to 1909. He remained at Hopkins for the remainder of his career, eventually becoming a full professor and later chair of the physics department. From 1943 to 1944 Pfund served as the president of the Optical Society of America.
Within the hydrogen spectral series Pfund discovered the fifth series, where an electron jumps up from or drops down to the fifth fundamental level. This Series is known as the "Pfund series".  He also invented the Pfund telescope, which is a method for achieving a fixed telescope focal point regardless of where the telescope line of sight is positioned, and the Pfund sky compass, which arose from Pfund's studies of the polarization of scattered light from the sky in 1944, and which greatly helped transpolar flights by allowing the determination of the Sun's direction in twilight. Pfund is also noted for his work into the area of infrared gas analysis.

See also
Current and past presidents of the Optical Society of America
Medieval sunstone

References
Further reading
Dr. John Andraos, Named Concepts in Chemistry (L-Z), York University, 2001
Pelletier, Paul A. (ed.), Prominent Scientists: An index to collective biographies, 2nd ed., Neal-Schuman Publishing, Inc.: New York, 1985   (citations only)
Cattell, J.M.; Cattell, J. American Men of Science, 6th ed., The Science Press: New York, 1938
Journal of the Optical Society of America, 39:4 (April, 1949) 325.  Obit.

External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of AmericaHamp Atkinson was a Texas Democratic politician who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1975 to 1983.

Life
Atkinson was born on December 23, 1933 in New Boston, Texas to Ballard and Sybil Garrett Atkinson. He died on July 5, 2016 at the age of 82 in De Kalb, Texas.

Politics
He served in the Texas House from 1975 to 1983. He retired after his fourth term in office.


Naantalintie (Finnish; Nådendalsvägen in Swedish) is a ward (suuralue, storområde) of Turku, Finland, also known as Ward 8. The ward is located to the west of the city and named after the major route that passes through the ward in the direction of Naantali. The ward also includes the island of Ruissalo.
The ward has a population of 10,257 (as of 2004) and an annual population decrease of 1.60%. 17.42% of the ward's population are under 15 years old, while 11.88% are over 65. The ward's linguistic makeup is 90.76% Finnish, 2.16% Swedish, and 7.08% other.

Districts
The ward consists of six districts. One of them is divided with another ward.

See also
Districts of Turku
Wards of Turku


== Notes ==Dumaguete City is the capital of the Province of Negros Oriental, Philippines, and has been dubbed as a "University Town" or a "center of learning in the south" by the local and regional media due to the presence of four universities and a host of other colleges and schools in the city. This article lists those schools, colleges and universities.

Universities
Colleges
Technical-Vocational Institutes
Private elementary & high schools
Public elementary schools
The DepEd-Dumaguete City Schools Division has 3 districts namely: North District, South District and West District. DepEd Division office is located inside the campus of Taclobo National High School.

Public high schools


Puerto Concordia (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈpweɾto koŋˈkoɾðja]) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department, Colombia.


Richard Huggett (born 25 April 1929, London, England, died 15 April 2000 in Surrey, England) was an English actor, author, and playwright.He best-known plays are The First Night of Pygmalion (1968) and A Talent To Abuse (1981), both originally written and performed by Huggett himself as one-man shows. The First Night of Pygmalion was later adapted for television in 1969 and again in 1975. A Talent to Abuse, in which Huggett played writer Evelyn Waugh, met with criticism from Waugh's son, Auberon. Huggett was also noted for his 1989 biography of British theatre producer Binkie Beaumont.

Works
Plays
The Lupin-Blue Dress (1965)
Good Egg (1967)
The First Night of "Pygmalion" (1968)
A Talent To Abuse (1981)
A Weekend with Willie (BBC radio broadcast, 1981)

Nonfiction
The Truth About Pygmalion (1969)
The Wit of the Catholics (1971)
The Wit and Humour of Sex (1975)
Supernatural on Stage: Ghosts and Superstitions of the Theatre (1975)
The Curse of Macbeth (1981)
The Wit of Publishing (1987)
Binkie Beaumont – Éminence Grise of the West End Theatre, 1933–1973. (1989) ISBN 0340412690.

References
External links
Richard Huggett at IMDb
Profile at Doollee.com (archived)Kulij (Persian: كوليج, also Romanized as Kūlīj; also known as Kolīj) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 684, in 113 families.


Otto VIII, Count of Hoya (1530 – 25 February 1582 at Hoya Castle in Hoya, Germany) was the last ruling Count of Hoya.

Life
Otto was the third son of Count Jobst II and his wife Anna of Gleichen.  At first, he was canon in Cologne and Verden.  After the childless death of his older brother Albert II in 1563, Otto VIII and his brother Eric V, took up government of the county.
Otto married in 1568 to Agnes of Bentheim-Steinfurt, the widow of Count John II of Rietberg, who was also the mother of Armgard, who was the wife of Otto's brother Eric.  After Eric also died childless in 1575, Otto ruled the county alone.
"Otto, Count of Hoya and Burghausen," signed the Formula of Concord of 1577, and the Book of Concord of 1580.Otto VIII died childless on 25 November 1582 at Hoya Castle.  He was buried in the church of St. Martin in Nienburg; his tomb is located in the hall below the tower.  With his death, the House of Hoya died out, and the county fell back to the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg as a possession of Frederick Ulrich first and then of William August.

References
Heinrich Gade: Historisch-geographisch-statistische Beschreibung der Grafschaften Hoya und Diepholz, Nienburg, 1901
Wilhelm Hodenberg (ed.): Hoyer Urkundenbuch, Hannover, 1848–1856
Bernd Ulrich Hucker: Die Grafen von Hoya, Hoya, 1993
Museum Nienburg: Die Grafschaften Bruchhausen, Diepholz, Hoya und Wölpe, Nienburg, 2000


== Footnotes ==The 2013 Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain was a multi-event, one make motor racing championship held across England and Scotland. The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Porsche 911 GT3 cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship. It is a multi class championship, with drivers grouped based on their ability and experience into three classes: Professional, Professional-Amateur 1 (Pro-Am 1) and Professional-Amateur 2 (Pro-Am 2). It forms part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece.
This season was the eleventh Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain. The season commenced on 31 March at Brands Hatch – on the circuit's Indy configuration – and concluded on 13 October at the same venue, utilising the Grand Prix circuit, after twenty races held at ten meetings, all in support of the 2013 British Touring Car Championship.

Entry list
Race calendar and results
On 29 August 2012, the British Touring Car Championship announced the race calendar for the 2013 season, for all of the series competing on the TOCA package.

Championship standings


Sir John Davidson Beazley,  (; 13 September 1885 – 6 May 1970) was a British classical archaeologist and art historian, known for his classification of Attic vases by artistic style. He was Professor of Classical Archaeology and Art at the University of Oxford from 1925 to 1956.

Early life
Beazley was born in Glasgow, Scotland on 13 September 1885, to Mark John Murray Beazley (died 1940) and Mary Catherine Beazley née Davidson (died 1918). He was educated at King Edward VI School, Southampton and Christ's Hospital, Sussex. He then attended Balliol College, Oxford where he read Literae Humaniores. He received firsts in both the Honour Moderations and the Final Honour School. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1907. While at Oxford he became a close friend of the poet James Elroy Flecker.

Academic career
After graduating, Beazley spent time at the British School at Athens. He then returned to University of Oxford as a student (equivalent to fellow) and tutor in Classics at Christ Church.During World War I, Beazley served in military intelligence. For most of the war he worked in Room 40 (Cryptanalysis) of the Admiralty's Naval Intelligence Division, where his colleagues included his fellow-archaeologist Winifred Lamb. He held the temporary rank of second lieutenant from March to October 1916 when he was on secondment to the British Army.
In 1925, he became Lincoln Professor of Classical Archaeology and Art at the University of Oxford, a position he held until 1956. He specialised in Greek decorated pottery (particularly black-figure and red-figure), and became a world authority on the subject. He adapted the art-historical method initiated by Giovanni Morelli to attribute the specific "hands" (style) of specific workshops and artists, even where no signed piece offered a name, e.g. the Berlin Painter, whose production he first distinguished. He looked at the sweep of classical pottery—major and minor pieces—to construct a history of workshops and artists in ancient Athens. The first English edition of his book, Attic Red-figure Vase-painters, appeared in 1942 (in German as Attische Vasenmaler des rotfigurigen Stils, 1925).

Later life
Beazley retired in 1956, but continued to work until his death in Oxford, on 6 May 1970. His personal archive was purchased by the University of Oxford in 1964. It was originally accommodated in the Ashmolean Museum, but in 2007 it moved into the Ioannou Centre for Classical and Byzantine Studies as part of the new Classical Art Research Centre.

Honours
Beazley was elected as a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA) in 1927. In 1954, he was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.Beazley was appointed a Knight Bachelor in 1949, and therefore granted the title sir. He was appointed to the Order of the Companions of Honour in the 1959 New Year Honours "for services to scholarship".

Personal life
In 1919, Beazley married the widow Marie Ezra (née Bloomfield), whose first husband had been killed in World War I. She died in 1967. His stepdaughter, from Marie's previous marriage, Giovanna Marie Therese Babette "Mary" Ezra married the Irish poet Louis MacNeice.

References
External links
Classical Art Research Centre
Dictionary of Art HistoriansThe Programme for Research in Third-Level Institutions (PRTLI) is an Irish government programme that provides integrated financial support for institutional strategies, programmes and infrastructure and ensures that institutions have the capacity and incentives to formulate and implement research strategies, which will give them critical mass and world level capacity in key areas of research. The Programme supports research in humanities, science, technology and social sciences, such as business and law.

Launch
The programme was launched in 1998 following the success of a pilot programme in science and technology.

Funding
Up to the end of 2006, €605 million has been allocated to third level institutions under this competitive programme for research.  Substantial funding has been also been provided from private philanthropic sources who have supported the strategic focus and competitive basis of the programme.
In August 2007, the Minister for Education and Science announced the allocation of funding under PRTLI Cycle four (PRTLI 4). Approximately €230 million was allocated for major research initiatives in fifteen higher education institutions. This funding provides for workspace and researcher funding including 200 postgraduates, 100 postdocs, 50 principal investigators and 60 support staff.

Objectives
In general the objectives of the programme are:

To enable a strategic and planned approach by third-level institutions to the long-term development of their research capabilities, consistent with their existing and developing research strengths and capabilities.
To promote the development of high quality research capabilities in third-level institutions, so as to enhance the quality and relevance of graduate output and skills.
Within the framework of these objectives, to provide support for outstandingly talented individual researchers and teams within institutions and the encouragement of co-operation between researchers both within the institutions and between institutions  having particular regard to the desirability of encouraging inter-institutional co-operation within the two parts of the binary system and within Ireland, the EU and internationally.

Judging panel
The PRTLI awards have been evaluated by an international panel of distinguished researchers and scholars on the basis of excellence in:

Strategic planning and focus
Inter-institutional collaboration
Research quality
Impact of research on teaching and learning

Recent developments
As of April 2010, the Irish Government has not made any announcements of a PRTLI cycle 5 and has given no firm indication of its future intentions with regard to support for research in Third Level Institutions.

External links
[1]The 2006 Biathlon Junior World Championships was held in Presque Isle, United States from January 28 to February 3, 2006. There was to be a total of 16 competitions: sprint, pursuit, individual, mass start, and relay races for men and women.

Medal winners
Youth Women
Junior Women
Youth Men
Junior Men
Medal table
References
External links
Official IBU website (in English)Sunset Heights is a neighborhood in northern Houston.

History
Sunset Heights Realty Co., established by Richard Rodgers, developed Sunset Heights after the company was created on August 15, 1910. The Houston Heights, when it was an independent municipality, unsuccessfully attempted to annex Sunset Heights. The City of Houston annexed Sunset Heights in 1927.By 2001 gentrification occurred in the area, with some smaller houses being torn down in favor of newer ones.East Sunset Heights Association was established in March 2002. By October of that year, there were 97 members.In 2006 Sunset Heights homeowners signed a petition to the city government to establish a minimum lot size. Minimum lot sizes are pursued when area residents wish to oppose existing lots being divided into smaller ones for townhouses. Later that year the Houston City Planning commission approved the development of a condominium project that went against the wishes of the people who signed the petition even though it strictly speaking complied with the city code planning regulations. The planning commission also chose not to submit a request for deliberating the minimum lot size to Houston City Council, as seven planning commission members voted against it; six voted to do so. Tom Manning of the Houston Chronicle stated that residents disagreed on the issue. On August 8, 2007, Houston City Council did establish a minimum lot size for this area. In the Planning Commission barred a property owner from going below East Sunset Heights' minimum property size.

Geography
Many of the houses in the neighborhood are bungalows.East Sunset Heights; roughly between Airline Drive, 23rd Street, the 610 Loop, and North Main; has about 400 houses.

Education
The neighborhood is within the Houston Independent School District (HISD). Elementary schools serving sections of Sunset Heights include Field and Helms. All residents are zoned to Hamilton Middle School and Heights High School in the Houston Heights.The first school established in the community was the Sunset Heights School, a part of Harris County School District 25. It was built in 1912 after taxpayers voted in favor for a referendum to build the school; the taxpayers had raised $20,000 for this purpose beginning the previous year. In 1926 the school was put in a new building and was now known as Alamo Elementary School; it was in Sunset Heights block 76. Its namesake was the Alamo. The school closed in 1980. HISD began storing items in it and later listed it for sale. Preservation Houston stated that it was an endangered historic site.

Parks and recreation
The City of Houston acquired the former Heights Transit Center in 2018. In 2020 the city government announced the site would become the East Sunset Heights Park. It is now Sunset Heights Park.

Religion
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston operates St. Anne De Beaupre Church in Sunset Heights Extension No. 2. The third black church in the city, named after the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré, Quebec, Canada, it opened in 1938. It was initially a dependency of Our Mother of Mercy Catholic Church. The naming after a Francophone Canadian site reflects the Louisiana Creole culture.

References
External links
Sunset Heights Civic ClubArmand Guillaumin (French: [ɡijomɛ̃]; February 16, 1841 – June 26, 1927) was a French impressionist painter and lithographer.

Biography
Early years
Born Jean-Baptiste Armand Guillaumin in Paris, he worked at his uncle's lingerie shop while attending evening drawing lessons. He also worked for a French government railway before studying at the Académie Suisse in 1861. There, he met Paul Cézanne and Camille Pissarro with whom he maintained lifelong friendships. While he never achieved the stature of these two, his influence on their work was significant. Cézanne attempted his first etching based on Guillaumin paintings of barges on the River Seine.
Guillaumin exhibited at the Salon des Refusés in 1863. He participated in six of the eight Impressionist exhibitions: 1874, 1877, 1880, 1881, 1882 and 1886.

Full-time painter
In 1886, he became a friend of Vincent van Gogh whose brother, Theo sold some of his works. He was finally able to quit his government job and concentrate on painting full-time in 1891, when he won 100,000 francs in the state lottery.
Noted for their intense colours, Guillaumin's paintings are represented in major museums around the world. He is best remembered for his landscapes of Paris, the Creuse département, and the area around Les Adrets-de-l'Estérel near the Mediterranean coast in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France.
Guillaumin was called the leader of the École de Crozant, a diverse group of painters who came to depict the landscape in the region of the Creuse around the village of Crozant. One of these depictions, titled Landscape in Crozant, is housed in the Art Institute of Chicago. His bust is in the square near the village church.

Death
Armand Guillaumin died in 1927 in Orly, Val-de-Marne just south of Paris.

Gallery
References
External links
Works by or about Armand Guillaumin at Internet Archive
A biography of Armand Guillaumin.
Armand Guillaumin Bio - Findlay Galleries
www.armandguillaumin.org 260 works by Armand Guillaumin
www.comiteguillaumin.com Authenticate a painting from Armand Guillaumin
Impressionism: a centenary exhibition, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Guillaumin (p. 108-109)
Signac, 1863-1935, a fully digitized exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries, which contains material on Guillaumin (see index)Claude J. Jasper was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 1958. He was also a delegate to the 1964 Republican National Convention.


Sri Sukhmani International School is a higher-secondary co-education private school in the Patiala city of Punjab, India. The school was founded in 1991 and is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education of India.


The Chapel of Our Lady of Help (Portuguese: Capela de Nossa Senhora da Ajuda, Capela da Ajuda) is a 17th-century Roman Catholic church located in Cachoeira, Bahia, Brazil. It is the first church built in Cachoeira as part of the Adorno family sugar plantation and is home to the Brotherhood of Our Lady of Help (Irmandade de Nossa Senhora da Ajuda). The chapel attracts a large number of pilgrims devoted to Our Lady of Help. The chapel was listed as a historic structure by National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN) in 1939.

History
Álvaro Rodrigues Celestino Adorno, son of Antônio Dias Adorno, built a chapel on a hill dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary between 1595 and 1606. João Rodrigues Adorno, great-grandson and heir of the properties of Álvaro Adorno, rebuilt the church between 1673 and 1687. The chapel was rebuilt using stone and lime. Father Miguel de Araújo Adorno, son of John R. Adorno, celebrated the first Mass of the new chapel in October 1686, apparently prior to its completion. The church became associated with the Fraternity of São Pedro dos Clérigos in this period; the extinction of the order provoked the abandoned of the church. Musicians from the Brotherhood of Our Lady of Help visited the church in 1872 and became associated with the church.

Location
The Chapel of Our Lady of Help sits atop a hill within Cachoeira and is approached by three steeply sloped streets. Its frontispiece faces west towards the Paraguaçu River. The chapel sits as part of a complex of numerous sobrados of the sugar mill of the Adorno family. The much larger Parish Church of Our Lady of the Rosary was completed at the base of the Ladeira da Ajuda by the beginning of the 18th century. The chapel was once a focal point of Cachoeira, due to its placement on a hill, but is now surrounded by the urban growth of the city.

Structure
The Chapel of Our Lady of Help is notable in Bahia for the simplicity of its design and proportions. It consists of a nave, chancel, sacristy, porch, and bell tower. The church has a simple, central portal of wood with a window on either side. The church roof is of two types: a gable roof over the nave and a cupola of tiled brick over the chancel. The bell tower and choir are accessed via an external stairway, a feature common to other early churches in Brazil. Two choir windows and an oculus sit above the porch. The church is flanked by a small pyramidal bell tower with a tin roof; it is of later construction. The interior of the chapel has images of Saint Francis of Assisi, Saint Benedict, Saint Lucia, Saint Cajetan (Saint Caetano), and Saint Peter. The pulpit is surmounted by a stone stair.The chapel is noted for its porch, which is covered by a sloping roof and surrounded by a wooden railing; the porch was once a closed narthex to the church. Chapels with a porch of this type in Bahia are only found in churches built in the 16th and 17th century; its design closely resembles that of Chapel of Our Lady of the Ladder (Capela de Nossa Senhora da Escada) in Salvador and the Chapel of Saint Joseph of Jenipapo (Capela de São José do Jenipapo) in Castro Alves. The church portal is accessed from the porch and has a low window on either side.The small attached hall to the right of the building dates to the 19th century.

Protected status
The Chapel of Our Lady of Help was listed as a historic structure by the National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage in 1939. Both the structure and its contents were included in the IPHAN directive under inscription number 198.


Linhomoeidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida.

Genera
Genera:
Allgenia
Anticyathus Cobb, 1920
Anticyclus Cobb, 1920


The Altamont Speedway Free Festival was a counterculture rock concert in the United States, held on Saturday, December 6, 1969, at the Altamont Speedway in northern California (Livermore). Approximately 300,000 attended the concert, and some anticipated that it would be a "Woodstock West". The Woodstock festival was held in Bethel, New York, in mid-August, fewer than four months earlier.
The event is remembered for considerable violence, including the stabbing death of Meredith Hunter and three accidental deaths: two caused by a hit-and-run car accident, and one by LSD-induced drowning in an irrigation canal. Scores were injured, numerous cars were stolen and then abandoned, and there was extensive property damage.The concert featured (in order of appearance): Santana, Jefferson Airplane, The Flying Burrito Brothers and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, with the Rolling Stones taking the stage as the final act. The Grateful Dead were also scheduled to perform following CSNY, but declined to play shortly before their scheduled appearance due to the increasing violence at the venue. "That's the way things went at Altamont—so badly that the Grateful Dead, prime organizers and movers of the festival, didn't even get to play," staff at Rolling Stone magazine wrote in a detailed narrative on the event, terming it in an additional follow-up piece "rock and roll's all-time worst day, December 6th, a day when everything went perfectly wrong."Filmmakers Albert and David Maysles shot footage of the event and incorporated it into the 1970 documentary film titled Gimme Shelter.

Background
Jefferson Airplane-centered narrative
According to Jefferson Airplane's Spencer Dryden, the idea for "a kind of Woodstock West" began when he and bandmate Jorma Kaukonen discussed the staging of a free concert with the Grateful Dead and Rolling Stones in Golden Gate Park. Referring to the Stones, Dryden said, "Next to the Beatles they were the biggest rock and roll band in the world, and we wanted them to experience what we were experiencing in San Francisco."
As plans were being finalized, Jefferson Airplane were on the road, and by early December they were in Florida, believing the concert plans for Golden Gate Park were proceeding. But by December 4, the plans had broken down, in Paul Kantner's account, because the city and police departments were unhelpful; innate conflict between the hippies of Haight-Ashbury and the police was manifested in obstructiveness. Sears Point Raceway was then the venue, but its owners wanted $100,000 in escrow from the Rolling Stones.At the last moment, Dick Carter offered his Altamont Speedway in eastern Alameda County for the festival. Jefferson Airplane flew out of Miami on December 5. Kantner said the location was taken in a spirit of desperation: "There was no way to control it, no supervision or order." According to Grace Slick, "The vibes were bad. Something was very peculiar, not particularly bad, just real peculiar. It was that kind of hazy, abrasive and unsure day. I had expected the loving vibes of Woodstock but that wasn't coming at me. This was a whole different thing."

Rolling Stones/Grateful Dead-centered narrative
During the Rolling Stones' 1969 U.S. tour, many (including journalists) felt that the ticket prices were far too high. In answer to this criticism, the Rolling Stones decided to end their tour with a free concert in San Francisco.
The concert was originally scheduled to be held at San Jose State University's practice field, as there had recently been a three-day outdoor free festival there with 52 bands and 80,000 attendees. Dirt Cheap Productions was asked to help secure the property again for the Rolling Stones and Grateful Dead to play a free concert. The Stones and the Dead were told the city of San Jose was not in the mood for another large concert and the grounds were out of bounds. Golden Gate Park in San Francisco was next on the list. However, a previously scheduled Chicago Bears–San Francisco 49ers football game at Kezar Stadium, located in Golden Gate Park, made that venue impractical, and permits were never issued for the concert. The venue was then changed to the Sears Point Raceway near Sonoma. However, a dispute with Sears Point's owner, Filmways, Inc., arose over a $300,000 up-front cash deposit from the Rolling Stones and film distribution rights, so the festival was moved once again. The Altamont Raceway, east of Livermore, was chosen at the suggestion of its then-owner, local businessman Dick Carter. 
The concert was to take place on Saturday, December 6; the location was switched on the night of Thursday, December 4.In making preparations, Grateful Dead manager Rock Scully and concert organizer Michael Lang helicoptered over the site before making the selection, much as Lang had done when the Woodstock Festival was moved at the last moment from Wallkill, New York, to Bethel, New York.The hasty move resulted in numerous logistical problems, including a lack of facilities such as portable toilets and medical tents. The move also created a problem for the stage design; instead of being on top of a rise, which characterized the geography at Sears Point, at Altamont the stage would now be at the bottom of a slope. The Rolling Stones' stage manager on the 1969 tour, Chip Monck, explained that "the stage was one metre high – 39 inches for us – and [at Sears Point] it was on the top of a hill, so all the audience pressure was back upon them". Because of the short notice for the change of location, the stage couldn't be changed. "We weren’t working with scaffolding, we were working in an older fashion with parallels. You could probably have put another stage below it...but nobody had one," Monck said.Because the stage was so low, members of the Hells Angels motorcycle club, led by Oakland chapter head Ralph "Sonny" Barger, were asked to surround the stage to provide security.

Security
By some accounts, the Hells Angels were hired as security by the management of the Rolling Stones, on the recommendation of the Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane (who both had previously used the Angels for security at performances without incident), for $500 worth of beer. This story has been denied by some parties who were directly involved. According to the road manager of the Rolling Stones' 1969 US Tour, Sam Cutler, "the only agreement there ever was ... the Angels would make sure nobody tampered with the generators, but that was the extent of it. But there was no way 'They're going to be the police force' or anything like that. That's all bollocks." The deal was made at a meeting including Cutler, Grateful Dead manager Rock Scully, and Pete Knell, a member of the Hells Angels' San Francisco chapter. According to Cutler, the arrangement was that all the bands were supposed to share the $500 beer cost, "[but] the person who paid it was me, and I never got it back, to this day."Hells Angels member Bill "Sweet William" Fritsch recalled this exchange he had with Cutler at a meeting prior to the concert, in which Cutler had asked them to provide security:

We don't police things. We're not a security force. We go to concerts to enjoy ourselves and have fun.
Well, what about helping people out—you know, giving directions and things?

Sure, we can do that.
When Cutler asked how they would like to be paid, William replied, "We like beer." In the documentary Gimme Shelter, Sonny Barger states that the Hells Angels were not interested in policing the event, and that organizers had told him that the Angels would be required to do little more than sit on the edge of the stage, drink beer, and make sure there were not any murders or rapes occurring.
In 2009, Cutler explained his decision to use the Angels. 

I was talking with them, because I was interested in the security of my band—everyone's security, for that matter. In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. They were the only people who were strong and together. [They had to protect the stage] because it was descending into absolute chaos. Who was going to stop it? 
Grateful Dead manager Rock Scully said that if the Angels hadn't been on the stage, that whole crowd could have easily passed out, and rolled down onto the stage. There was no barrier.
Stefan Ponek, who hosted a December 7, 1969 KSAN-FM radio broadcast of a four-hour, "day after" post-concert telephone call-in forum (and who also helped organize the event), provided the following for the 2000 release of the Gimme Shelter DVD: 

What we learned in the broadcast was pretty much startling: These guys—the Angels—had been hired and paid with $500 of beer, on a truck with ice, to essentially bring in the Stones and keep people off the stage. That was the understanding, that was the deal. And it seemed like there was not a lot of disagreement over that; that seemed to emerge as a fact, because it became rather apparent that the Stones didn't know what kind of people they were dealing with.
The Gimme Shelter DVD contains extensive excerpts from that broadcast. A Hells Angels member who identified himself as "Pete, from Hells Angels San Francisco" (most likely Pete Knell, president of the San Francisco chapter), says "they offered us $500 worth of beer [to] go there and take care of the stage ... we took this $500 worth of beer to do it." Sonny Barger, who also called into the KSAN forum, states: "We were told by one of the [other Hells Angels] clubs if we showed up down there [and] sat on the stage and drink some beer ... that the Stones manager or somebody had bought for us." In his lengthy call, Barger mentions the beer deal yet again: 

I ain't no cop, I ain't never going to ever pretend to be no cop. I didn't go there to police nothing, man. They told me if I could sit on the edge of the stage so nobody could climb over me, I could drink beer until the show was over. And that's what I went there to do.
A woman who called in to the program revealed that she had seen at least five fist fights from her vantage point near the stage and that the Angels were involved in all of them. She also described a general uncaring attitude toward people who clearly needed help; a girl who was dragged across the stage by her hair, another who was on a bad acid trip and bystanders kicked and walked on her. She said she felt having the Angels as "security" was an irresponsible move because "we were all in terror of them". When she tried to speak about this at the concert, she was warned to be quiet by the people around her, for fear of being beaten. At this point, KSAN's Scoop Nisker mentioned the bystander effect and the murder of Kitty Genovese.Emmett Grogan (founder of the radical community-action group the Diggers), who was intimately involved in the organization of the event (especially at the two earlier-planned venues), confirmed the $500 beer arrangement on that same KSAN forum with Ponek.
"Pete" also tells host Ponek that the Angels were hired by Cutler because of some rowdy, anxious on-stage incidents during the Stones' Oakland and Miami concerts weeks earlier. As security guards, Pete said "we ain't into that security", but that they agreed after the beer offer. He also claimed that, other than being told to "just keep people off the stage," Cutler gave the Hells Angels very little specific instructions for stage security: "They didn't say nothing to us about any of that." And although the Angels are not security guards, "If we say we're going to do something, we do it. If we decide to do it, it's done. No matter what, how far we have to go to do it." The similar lack of detailed security instructions by the concert's management was also mentioned by Barger during his telephone call-in.
Altamont Speedway owner Dick Carter had hired hundreds of professional, plainclothes security guards, ostensibly more for the purpose of protecting his property rather than for the safety and well-being of the concertgoers. Barger mentions these guards, as identified by their wearing of "little white buttons".
Political scientist and cultural critic James Miller believes that since Ken Kesey had invited the Hells Angels to one of his outdoor Acid Tests, the hippies had viewed the bikers unrealistically, idealizing them as "noble savages" and thus "outlaw brothers of the counterculture". Miller also maintains that the Rolling Stones may have been misled by their experience with a British contingent of self-described "Hells Angels", a non-outlaw group of admirers of American biker gear who had provided nonviolent security at a free Stones concert earlier that year in Hyde Park, London. Cutler, however, denies ever having had any illusions about the true nature of Californian Hells Angels. "That's another canard foisted on the world by the press", he said, but Rock Scully remembers explaining to the Stones what the "real" Angels were like after watching the Hyde Park concert.

Situation deteriorates
The first act on the stage, Santana, gave a performance that generally went smoothly; however, over the course of the day, the mood of both the crowd and the Angels became progressively agitated and violent. The Angels had been drinking their free beer all day in front of the stage, and most were very drunk. The crowd had also become antagonistic and unpredictable, attacking each other, the Angels, and the performers. A Mick Jagger biographer, Anthony Scaduto, in Mick Jagger: Everybody's Lucifer, wrote that the only time the crowd seemed to calm down to any degree was during a set by the country-rocking Flying Burrito Brothers. However, Denise Jewkes, lead singer of the local San Francisco rock band the Ace of Cups, six months pregnant, was hit in the head by an empty beer bottle thrown from the crowd and suffered a skull fracture. The Stones later paid all of Jewkes' ambulance and medical services. The Angels proceeded to arm themselves with sawed-off pool cues and motorcycle chains to drive the crowd further back from the stage.
After the crowd (perhaps accidentally) toppled one of the Angels' motorcycles, the Angels became even more aggressive, including toward the performers. Marty Balin of Jefferson Airplane jumped off the stage to try to sort out the problem, only to be punched in the head and knocked unconscious by an Angel during the band's set. When Jefferson Airplane guitarist Paul Kantner sarcastically thanked the Angels for knocking the singer out, Angel Bill Fritsch took hold of a microphone and argued with him about it. The Grateful Dead had been scheduled to play between Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, and the Rolling Stones, but after hearing about the Balin incident from Santana drummer Michael Shrieve, they refused to play and left the venue, citing the quickly degenerating security situation.
During Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young's set, Stephen Stills was reported to be repeatedly stabbed in the leg by a "stoned-out" Hells Angel, with a sharpened bicycle spoke.By the time the Rolling Stones took the stage in the early evening, the mood had taken a decidedly ugly turn as numerous fights had erupted between Angels and crowd members and within the crowd itself. 
The Rolling Stones waited until sundown to perform. Stanley Booth stated that part of the reason for the delay was that Bill Wyman had missed the helicopter ride to the venue. When the Stones began their set, a tightly packed group of between 4,000 and 5,000 people were jammed to the very edge of the stage, and many attempted to climb onto it.

Death of Meredith Hunter
Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger, who had already been punched in the head by a concertgoer within seconds of emerging from his helicopter, was visibly intimidated by the unruly situation and urged everyone to, "Just be cool down in the front there, don't push around." During the third song, "Sympathy for the Devil", a fight erupted in the front of the crowd at the foot of the stage, prompting the Stones to pause their set while the Angels restored order. After a lengthy pause and another appeal for calm, the band restarted the song and continued their set with less incident until the start of "Under My Thumb". At this point, some of the Hells Angels got into a scuffle with Meredith Hunter, age 18, when he attempted to get onstage with other fans. One of the Hells Angels grabbed Hunter's head, punched him, and chased him back into the crowd. After a minute's pause, Hunter returned to the stage where, according to Gimme Shelter producer Porter Bibb, Hunter's girlfriend Patty Bredehoft found him and tearfully begged him to calm down and move further back in the crowd with her; but he was reportedly enraged, irrational and "so high he could barely walk". Rock Scully, who could see the audience clearly from the top of a truck by the stage, said of Hunter, "I saw what he was looking at, that he was crazy, he was on drugs, and that he had murderous intent. There was no doubt in my mind that he intended to do terrible harm to Mick or somebody in the Rolling Stones, or somebody on that stage."Following his initial scuffle with the Angels as he tried to climb onstage, Hunter, as seen in concert footage wearing a bright lime-green suit, returned to the front of the crowd and drew a long-barreled .22 caliber revolver from inside his jacket. Hells Angel Alan Passaro, seeing Hunter drawing the revolver, drew a knife from his belt and charged Hunter from the side, parrying Hunter's pistol with his left hand and stabbing him twice with his right hand, killing him.
The footage was shot by Eric Saarinen, who was on stage taking pictures of the crowd, and Baird Bryant, who climbed atop a bus. Saarinen was unaware of having caught the killing on film. This was discovered more than a week later when raw footage was screened in the New York offices of the Maysles Brothers. In the film sequence, lasting about two seconds, a two-meter (six foot) opening in the crowd appears, leaving Bredehoft in the center. Hunter enters the opening from the left. His hand rises toward the stage, and the silhouette of a revolver is clearly seen against Bredehoft's light-colored vest. Passaro is seen entering from the right and delivering two stabs with his knife as he parries Hunter's revolver and pushes him off-screen; the opening then closes around Bredehoft. Passaro was reported to have stabbed Hunter five times in the upper back, although only two stabs are visible in the footage. Witnesses also reported Hunter was stomped on by several Hells Angels while he was on the ground. The gun was recovered and turned over to police. Hunter's autopsy confirmed he was high on methamphetamine when he died. Passaro was arrested and tried for murder in the summer of 1971, but was acquitted after a jury viewed concert footage showing Hunter brandishing the revolver and concluded that Passaro had acted in self-defense.
The Rolling Stones were aware of the skirmish, but not the stabbing ("You couldn't see anything, it was just another scuffle", Jagger tells David Maysles during film editing). But it soon became apparent they could see something of what had happened because the band stopped playing mid-song and Jagger was heard calling into his microphone, "We've really got someone hurt here... is there a doctor?" After a few minutes the band began playing again and eventually completed their set. Jagger told Maysles they all agreed that if they abandoned the show at that point, the crowd would have become even more unruly, perhaps degenerating into a full-scale riot.
In 2003, the Alameda County Sheriff's Office initiated a two-year investigation into the possibility of a second Hells Angel having taken part in the stabbing. Finding insufficient support for this hypothesis, and reaffirming that Passaro acted alone, the office closed the case for good on May 25, 2005.

Reactions
The Altamont concert is often contrasted with the Woodstock festival that took place fewer than four months earlier. While Woodstock represented "peace and love", Altamont came to be viewed as the end of the hippie era and the de facto conclusion of late-1960s American youth culture: "Altamont became, whether fairly or not, a symbol for the death of the Woodstock Nation." Rock music critic Robert Christgau wrote in 1972 that "Writers focus on Altamont not because it brought on the end of an era but because it provided such a complex metaphor for the way an era ended." Writing for The New Yorker in 2015, Richard Brody argued that what Altamont ended was "the idea that, left to their own inclinations and stripped of the trappings of the wider social order, the young people of the new generation will somehow spontaneously create a higher, gentler, more loving grassroots order. What died at Altamont is the Rousseauian dream itself."The music magazine Rolling Stone, in a 14-page 11-author article on the event entitled "The Rolling Stones Disaster at Altamont: Let It Bleed" published in their January 21, 1970, issue, stated that "Altamont was the product of diabolical egotism, hype, ineptitude, money manipulation, and, at base, a fundamental lack of concern for humanity". The article covered the many issues with the event's organization and was very critical of the organizers and the Rolling Stones; one writer stated: "what an enormous thrill it would have been for an Angel to kick Mick Jagger's teeth down his throat." Another follow-up piece in Rolling Stone called the Altamont event "rock and roll's all-time worst day". In Esquire magazine, Ralph J. Gleason observed, "The day The Rolling Stones played there, the name [Altamont] became etched in the minds of millions of people who love pop music and who hate it as well. If the name 'Woodstock' has come to denote the flowering of one phase of the youth culture, 'Altamont' has come to mean the end of it."The film Gimme Shelter was criticized by Pauline Kael, Vincent Canby and other reviewers for portraying the Stones too sympathetically, and for staging a concert for the sole reason that it could be filmed, despite all the problems leading up to it. Salon's Michael Sragow, writing in 2000, said many of the critics took their cues from the Rolling Stone review, which heavily blamed the filmmakers for being part of a "staged event" so that the Rolling Stones could profit from making a "concert" film. Sragow pointed out numerous errors in the Rolling Stone coverage and added that the Maysles did not make "major motion pictures" in the traditional way; instead, a variety of factors contributed to the tragedy.The Rolling Stones' Keith Richards was relatively sanguine about the show, calling it "basically well-handled, but lots of people were tired and a few tempers got frayed" and "on the whole, a good concert."The Grateful Dead wrote several songs about, or in response to, what lyricist Robert Hunter called "the Altamont affair", including "New Speedway Boogie" (featuring the line "One way or another, this darkness got to give") and "Mason's Children". Both songs were written and recorded during sessions for the early 1970 album Workingman's Dead, but "Mason's Children" was not included on the album.
Altamont also inspired the Blue Öyster Cult song "Transmaniacon MC" ("MC" means "motorcycle club"), the opening track of their first album.The incident is mentioned in the 1996 film The Cable Guy, in a scene where Jim Carrey's character Chip Douglas performs "Somebody to Love" on karaoke: "You might recognize this song as performed by Jefferson Airplane, in a little rockumentary called Gimme Shelter, about the Rolling Stones and their nightmare at Altamont. That night the Oakland chapter of the Hell's Angels had their way. Tonight, it's my turn."
In 2004 Australian electronic psych group Black Cab released their debut LP Altamont Diary, a concept album based on the concert and its cultural fallout. The LP featured a cover of "New Speedway Boogie".
Altamont is also referenced by Don McLean in the song "American Pie" in the song's fifth verse, the majority of which contains symbols related to Altamont: "Jack Flash," a reference to San Francisco ("Candlestick," though that venue had nothing to do with the actual concert), (Sympathy for) "the Devil," an enraged spectator watching something on a stage, and an "angel born in Hell." McLean officially refused to confirm or deny the song's ties to Altamont until he sold his songwriting notes in 2015. Within the context of the song, Altamont served as the culmination of a ten-year period that had begun with the plane crash that killed Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and the Big Bopper in February 1959, during which "things (were) heading in the wrong direction" and life was "becoming less idyllic."In 2008, a former FBI agent asserted that some members of the Hells Angels had conspired to murder Mick Jagger in retribution for the Rolling Stones' lack of support following the concert, and for the negative portrayal of the Angels in the Gimme Shelter film. The conspirators reportedly used a boat to approach a residence where Jagger was staying on Long Island, New York, the plot failing when the boat was nearly sunk by a storm. Jagger's spokesperson has refused to comment on the matter.

Set list
Santana
"Savor"
"Jin-go-lo-ba"
"Evil Ways"
"Conquistadore Rides Again"
"Persuasion"
"Soul Sacrifice"
"Gumbo"

Jefferson Airplane
"We Can Be Together"
"The Other Side of This Life" (During the performance of this song, Marty Balin was struck by a member of the Hells Angels, causing a temporary halt to the music.)
"Somebody to Love"
"3/5 of a Mile in 10 Seconds"
"Greasy Heart"
"White Rabbit"
"Come Back Baby"
"The Ballad of You and Me and Pooneil"
"Volunteers"

The Flying Burrito Brothers
"Lucille"
"To Love Somebody"
"Six Days on the Road"
"High Fashion Queen"
"Cody, Cody"
"Lazy Day"
"Bony Moronie"
"Close Up The Honky Tonks"
"Sweet Mental Revenge"

Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young
"Black Queen"
"Pre-Road Downs"
"Long Time Gone"
"Down by the River"
"Sea of Madness"

The Rolling Stones
"Jumpin' Jack Flash"
"Carol"
"Sympathy for the Devil" (Interrupted by numerous fights near the stage, causing the band to stop and then restart the song.)
"The Sun Is Shining"
"Stray Cat Blues"
"Love in Vain"
"Under My Thumb" (Stopped following the fracas involving Meredith Hunter, then restarted; after this, the violence subsided for the remainder of the concert.)
"Brown Sugar" (Debut live performance of the song; the studio version had been recorded only two days earlier in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.)
"Midnight Rambler"
"Live with Me" (The scene in the film showing a naked woman attempting to climb onto the stage actually occurs during this song, though it is shown while "Sympathy for the Devil" is played. The performance of the song is also faintly heard in the background as the medical intern talks about Meredith Hunter's death.)
"Gimme Shelter"
"Little Queenie"
"(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction"
"Honky Tonk Women"
"Street Fighting Man"

See also
Gimme Shelter (1970 film)
List of music festivals
List of historic rock festivals
Woodstock '99

References
Citations
Sources
"The Hells Angels Brought Death to Rock and Roll's Worst Day". The Raven Report. October 31, 2016. Archived from the original on November 16, 2016.


== External links ==Universal basic income in Canada refers to the debate and trials with basic income, negative income and related welfare systems in Canada. The debate goes back to the 1930s when the social credit movement had ideas around those lines. Two major basic income experiments have been conducted in Canada. Firstly the Mincome experiment in Manitoba 1974–1979, and secondly the Ontario Basic Income Pilot Project in 2017. The latter was intended to last for three years but only lasted a few months due to its subsequent cancellation by the then newly-elected Conservative government.

History
William Aberhart, Premier of Alberta, was inspired by Major C. H. Douglas Social Credit theory and tried to implement a basic income for Albertans during the 1930s. However, he was thwarted in his attempts by the Federal Government of the time.In 1970 the Canadian Department of National Health and Welfare issued a white paper which both emphasized the ability of NIT to decrease poverty but at the potential expense of decreased work incentive. Specifically, the white paper stated:

An overall guaranteed income program...worthy of consideration must offer a substantial level of benefit to people who are normally in the labour market. Therefore a great deal of further study and investigation, is needed to find out what effects such a program would have on people's motivation and on their incentives to work and save. Until these questions are answered, the fear of its impact on productivity will be the main deterrent to the introduction of a general overall guaranteed income plan. (p. 126)
Following this stance, the National Council of Welfare advocated in 1976 for the implementation of the guaranteed annual income in Canada.In order to determine real-life responses to NIT implementation, the US government undertook four income maintenance experiments; they transpired in New Jersey and Pennsylvania (1968–1972), rural areas of North Carolina and Iowa (1970–72), Seattle and Denver (1970–78), and Gary Indiana (1971–1974). These prospective large-scale field studies were truly remarkable due to their size and the fact that families were randomized to either an experimental arm (i.e., NIT) or control arm (usual tax practice). Three major objectives of these interventions were to measure the labour supply response of NIT recipients, understand the effect of varying the base guarantee level and tax rate, and to make a better estimate of the cost of implementing such a program.

Mincome
In Canada, an analogous experiment called Mincome took place in Winnipeg and Dauphin, Manitoba, between 1974 and 1979. Importantly, the city of Dauphin served as a saturation site, since all 10,000 community members were eligible to participate (the elderly and disabled were exempt from the four American NIT experiments); four foci of Mincome were an economic arm (examining labour response), a sociologic research division (examining the family formation and community cohesion), an administrative programme, and a statistical division. Unfortunately, the ambitious project ran into significant budgetary problems early on and neither the newly elected Progressive Conservative government in Ottawa nor the Tory government in Manitoba felt strongly about providing further funding. As stated by Hum and Simpson:
The original budget of $17 million was never more than a wild guess and, in the event, proved far inadequate. The inflationary price increases of the 1970s, coupled with a larger than anticipated unemployment rate, meant that the proportion of the total going to programme expenses exceeded estimates and was not under the control of the researchers. (p. 44)
Ultimately the Dauphin data which was collected at great expense to the taxpayers and time from participants (in the first social experiment ever conducted in Canada) remains largely unexamined. However, some of the participant interviews were released and provide support for the efficacy of NIT. For instance, Amy Richardson, a mother of six whose husband was disabled said:
It was enough to bring your income up to where it should be. It was enough to add some cream to the coffee. Everybody was the same so there was no shame. (p.25)
Doreen Henderson, a stay at home mother whose husband worked as a janitor also appreciated the benefits of NIT; she said:

Give them enough money to raise their kids. People work hard, and it's still not enough. This isn't welfare. This is making sure kids have enough to eat...They should have kept it (NIT). It made a real difference. (p.26)
In general, the average reduction in workforce in the US sites was about 13%, with most of the reduction in labour from secondary (typically the wives) and tertiary (typically older children) earners as opposed to the primary earner (usually the husbands). In Mincome the reduction in work effort was more modest: 1% for men and 3% for wives. It is important to remember that when the experiments were conducted, it was less socially acceptable for women to work outside the home. According to Rossi and Lyall only 40% of wives who participated in the experiment worked outside the home and their earning power was low due to limited and discontinuous work experience. As such, the authors contend that wives' labour involvement was marginal and when faced with competing tasks of looking after the household and raising children, the additional income provided by NIT was sufficient to justify an exit from the labor market. However, this phenomenon was predominantly observed in Caucasian wives whereas African American and Hispanic women exhibited a small increase in labor force participation. The decrease in labor involvement of teenage children was correlated to higher rates of high school graduation. A potential explanation is that the additional income from government assistance meant that young adults could stay in school as opposed to joining the workforce in order to support their families. This has the potential positive long-term effect of allowing youth to find higher-wage employment. In summary, the work supply response to NIT was very complex; however, data from the American studies would argue against a dramatic decline in the labour force.

Basic income in Canada today (2010–)
As of 2014, the Liberal Party of Canada, the New Democratic Party (NDP), the Green Party of Canada, the Pirate Party of Canada, provincial party Québec Solidaire and former conservative senator Hugh Segal advocate for basic income in Canada. Mike Redmond, former leader of the New Democratic Party of Prince Edward Island, supports a basic income pilot project in Prince Edward Island.In November 2013, a poll commissioned by the Trudeau Foundation found that 46% of Canadians favoured and 42% opposed replacing current economic assistance with a guaranteed national income.Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced a new trial in March 2016.

Ontario 2017 Basic Income Pilot Project
In Ontario's Basic Income Pilot Project had a budget of $150,000,000, the 4,000 participants received up to $16,989 per year for a single person, less 50% of any earned income
$24,027 per year for a couple, less 50% of any earned income, in monthly installments.
Although the incoming Progressive Conservative government had promised to maintain the three-year pilot program, its cancellation was announced in August 2018, 10 months after the previous Liberal administration started distributing payments.Minister of Children and Youth Services Lisa MacLeod said the decision was taken due to high costs, and because ministry staff indicated that "the program didn't help people become 'independent contributors' to the economy.".In fact, most anecdotal reports in the popular press do not indicate that entrepreneurship was a preferred goal for participants, (although one anecdotal report described a couple who kept their existing business afloat with the program's payments).About 70% of participants were already employed when entering the program, in low-paid positions which made it difficult to pay expenses such as rent and food.Journalistic reports tended to focus on non-entrepreneurial participant outcomes contributing to personal stability, such as augmenting disability payments, paying for education and student loans, purchasing new eyeglasses while remaining in a low-paid museum job, paying for transportation costs (such as bus fare to work rather than walking for an hour and a half), and purchasing necessary items as fresh produce, hospital parking passes, "winter clothes they couldn't [previously] afford and staying warm", etc.Anti-poverty groups were "stunned" by the decision to discontinue the program. The Ontario Coalition Against Poverty declared that the decision "demonstrates a reckless disregard for the lives of nearly 4,000 people." Local politicians in Hamilton passed a resolution "denouncing" discontinuation of the program.In contrast, from the viewpoint of the current government, this basic income pilot program is considered an ineffective use of resources, because the first priority for addressing poverty needs to be getting all residents off of welfare rolls and into employment, not providing assistance to people who are already working.Research into effective interventions for individuals suffering poverty and insecurity as a result of low-paid or precarious employment can be challenging, and researcher Kwame McKenzie noted that it is not easy to get 6,000 people to participate in a study. Ending the study early will make it difficult to gather conclusive data regarding the research goal of determining "what happens when low-wage, precarious workers receive a financial top-up."One op-ed writer opined that the study was being ended early due to fears that the results would show that the program worked.Payments concluded in March 2019.

British Columbia Basic Income Expert Panel Report
The British Columbia Basic Income Expert Panel Report assesses a basic income for British Columbia.  Among the types of basic income examined is a universal basic income (UBI).  The BC Green Party made a study of basic income a requirement before it would support the NDP’s minority government and, in July 2018, the  BC Basic Income Expert Panel was appointed.  The final report, “Covering All the Basics: Reforms for a More Just Society" was released on 28 January 2021.  It is based on findings from over 40 research studies commissioned by the panel. Globe and Mail columnist Gary Mason said the report “is likely one of the most exhaustive examinations on the viability of a guaranteed income conducted anywhere in the world."The expert panel concludes that a system constructed around “a basic income for all” as its main pillar “is not the most just policy option. The needs of people in this society are too diverse to be effectively answered simply with a cheque from the government."  Instead, it proposes a mixed system that applies different approaches in different circumstances, such as targeted support for specific groups like youth aging out of care and women fleeing violence.A basic income was found to be a very costly approach to address poverty reduction, and a UBI is “orders of magnitude” more expensive than income-tested support programs that provide similar poverty reduction.  Simulations using Statistics Canada’s Social Policy Simulation Database and Model  show that to obtain a guaranteed income of $20,000 for a single person, a universal basic income (UBI) would cost $51 billion and approximately double provincial government spending.The panel also determined that a basic income pilot would not be useful, chiefly because pilots are, by their nature, temporary and cannot provide evidence on long-term impacts.

Models
The first model under the GAI is the negative income tax (NIT). Negative income tax works on the assumption that families who earn below the low-income threshold should receive aid in the form of direct grants rather than paying taxes. This allows heads of a family unit to use their financial resources as they best see fit rather than being constrained by the traditional income assistance programs, which typically have means tests, time limits and other restrictions. Experiments using the negative income tax model have been completed in the United States in the late 1960s through the early 1970s.
The NIT model was also tested in Canada in the 1970s in Manitoba; it was called the Mincome experiment. It allowed every participating family unit to receive a minimum cash benefit, with every dollar over the benefit amount taxed at 60%. The results showed a modest impact on labor markets, with family working hours decreasing 5%. These potential economic costs can be offset by the opportunity cost of working. The opportunity cost of working more is spending less time with their families and on education. Mothers spent more time rearing newborns, and the educational impacts are regarded as a success. Students in these families showed higher test scores and lower dropout rates. There was also an increase in adults doing continuing education.The second model that falls under the guaranteed annual income concept is the unconditional basic income also known as the universal demogrant (UD) model. This is a payment to all persons regardless of income. It is usually favored by those who see the GAI as a right of citizenship and whose belief in the goal of decreasing poverty through providing the basic income and more equally sharing the economic benefits of society.

Financial model
For any income earned up to a breakpoint value, the government would provide a progressively small cash transfer. The concept is summarized by the formula B=G-TY where B is the net amount paid by the government to the citizen (if it is a positive value) or tax paid (if a negative value), G is the minimum guaranteed payment, Y is the gross annual income, and T is the tax rate. As such, if a person has no income, they will receive a minimum guaranteed payment (G); all subsequent income is taxed at a rate T which is less than 100 percent. A classic diagram in economics illustrating this is shown in Figure 1. It is important to remember that while the y-axis demonstrates increasing gross income, the x-axis displays a decreasing number of hours worked. With a negative income tax, individuals who have no income would earn a minimum amount (represented in Figure 1 as a value equal to 'C') instead of nothing (A). As part of a traditional welfare system, individuals receiving assistance would be taxed at a rate of 100% (demonstrated in the line connecting 'C' and 'D') and as such the net income level is unchanged. However, negative income tax provides an incentive for those receiving government assistance to work (as represented by line C to D'), as they are taxed at a rate of less than 100%. The last 'F' is the break-point value for annual income, above which an individual would not qualify for assistance.

Books and articles
Books
Basic Income for Canadians: the key to a healthier, happier, more secure life for all, by Evelyn L Forget Basic Income for Canadians - The key to a healthier, happier, more secure life for all

Articles
Guaranteed annual income: why Milton Friedman and Bob Stanfield were right, by Hugh Segal Guaranteed annual income: why Milton Friedman and Bob Stanfield were right
Scrapping Welfare, by Hugh Segal Scrapping Welfare
Should Canada have a guaranteed annual income?, by Kevin Milligan Should Canada have a guaranteed annual income?
Understanding Guaranteed Income by Chandra Pasma & Jim Mulvale
The problem isn't giving people money when they don't work ... it's taking it away when they do, by Andrew Coyne
The Town with no Poverty, by Evelyn Forget The Town with No Poverty: The Health Effects of a Canadian Guaranteed Annual Income Field Experiment
On Basic Income: go big or go home by Stephen Gordon The Basic Income: Go big, or go home
On the political economy of a basic income, by Stephen Gordon
Income Security for Working-Age Adults, by John Stapleton
Rethinking Income Support: A Guaranteed Income, by Ken Battle
Negative income tax and labour market participation, by Samir Amine & Pedro Lagos Dos Santos

See also
Guaranteed minimum income
Mincome Program
Negative income tax
Basic income
Precariat, social class formed by people suffering unstable employment

References
External links
BIEN Canada Archived 2013-05-17 at the Wayback Machine
Ontario Basic Income Pilot Project, official siteFred Charles Warmbold (September 18, 1875 – August 19, 1926) was an American wrestler who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics. He was born and died in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1904 he won a bronze medal in heavyweight category.

References
External links
profileThe Tunnels' Thanks to Everyone (とんねるずのみなさんのおかげでした, Tonneruzu no Minasan no Okage deshita) was a Japanese television variety show and also a game show that airs on Fuji Television in Japan, starring the Japanese owarai duo Tunnels. It is the origin of the international Brain Wall television franchise, and the J-pop group Yaen.

Recurring segments
Pit drops
The premise of the dokkiri segment is unsuspecting victims on a golf course falling into large hidden traps, which then in turn is scored as a golf game by Takaaki Ishibashi's host "AO-Ki" (a play on Isao Aoki's name) based on how spectacular the fall was. Starting with the fourth season, the golf setting was exchanged to waterfronts, with the goal being getting the targets into the water.

External links
Official website
Tonneruzu no Minasan no Okage deshita at IMDbThis is a list of films shot in Harlem, in New York City.

Moon Over Harlem, 1939
Paradise in Harlem, 1939
Hi De Ho, 1947
In the Street, 1948
The Cool World, 1963
The Pawnbroker, 1964
Topaz, 1969
Harlem School 1970, 1970
Cotton Comes to Harlem, 1970
Black Roots, 1970
Shaft, 1971
Across 110th Street, 1972
Come Back, Charleston Blue, 1972
Shaft's Big Score, 1972
Super Fly, 1972
Black Caesar, 1973
Ganja & Hess, 1973
Gordon's War, 1973
Hell Up in Harlem, 1973
Live and Let Die, 1973
Claudine, 1974
Aaron Loves Angela, 1975
The Brother from Another Planet, 1984
The Cotton Club, 1984
Looking for Langston, 1988
Harlem Nights, 1989
King of New York, 1990
Paris Is Burning, 1990
Reversal of Fortune, 1990 (City College of New York in Harlem, was used to depict Harvard University.)
Strictly Business, 1991
A Rage in Harlem, 1991
New Jack City, 1991
Jungle Fever, 1991
Juice, 1992
Who's the Man?, 1993
Sugar Hill, 1994
Above the Rim, 1994
A Great Day in Harlem, 1994
Die Hard with a Vengeance, 1995
New Jersey Drive, 1995
The Royal Tenenbaums, 2001
Paid in Full, 2002
25th Hour, 2002 (scenes filmed in Shepard Hall, City College of New York)
The Hebrew Hammer, 2003 (scene filmed under the 125th Street viaduct)
Killa Season, 2006
August Rush, 2007
Pride and Glory, 2007
American Gangster, 2007
The Ministers, 2007
Queen of Media, 2007
The Brave One, 2007
Precious, 2009
NYC 22, 2011 (TV series)
Kill Your Darlings, 2012 (filmed on Astor Row)
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, 2012
Monica Z, 2012
Black Nativity, 2013
Annie, 2014
Harlemites, 2017 (Film series) 


The Great River (Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's major rivers, and forms the boundary of the parish of St James with Westmoreland and Hanover.

Course
The Great River rises at about 1,400 feet (430 m) just north of the small village of Pisgah in the north west corner of St Elizabeth. From here it flows north north east for about 57 miles (92 km) (some sources say 46 miles (74 km)) reaching the Caribbean Sea at Great River Bay on the island's north coast, 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of Montego Bay.

Ecology
The Great River is home to the second largest tree in the island, and to crawfish.

Tourism
The Great River is one of the three most popular for traditional rafting on bamboo rafts. It is also used for tube and zip line craft.

See also
List of rivers of Jamaica

References
Ford, Jos C. and Finlay, A.A.C. (1908).The Handbook of Jamaica. Jamaica Government Printing Office

External links
Aerial view of the mouth of the Great River
Aerial view of the headwaters of the Great RiverYannick Agnel (born 9 June 1992) is a French former competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle events, and is a three-time Olympic medalist.  In his Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, he won gold in the 200-meter freestyle, gold in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, and silver in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay.  He is the current world record holder in the 400-meter freestyle (short course), the European record holder in the 800-meter freestyle (short course), and the national record holder in the 200- and 400-meter freestyle (long course).
Agnel's success have earned him Swimming World's European Swimmer of the Year award in 2012.

Early life
Agnel was born in Nîmes in 1992, the son of a nurse and a director of human resources.  He was named after French tennis player Yannick Noah.  Agnel began swimming at the age of eight after a neighbor spotted his talent and urged his parents to enroll him in a swimming club. He later integrated Skema Business School to study business. He is now in the prestigious French Grande École Paris-Dauphine IX.

Swimming career
Early career
At the 2009 European Junior Swimming Championships, Agnel won the 200- and 400-meter freestyle in European junior record times.  He was also a member of the 4×200-meter freestyle relay that won gold ahead of Russia and Italy.
In April 2010, Agnel set the French record in the 200-meter freestyle with a time of 1:46.35 to beat Amaury Leveaux's record of 1:46.54. In June 2010, he improved his record in the 200-meter freestyle with a time of 1:46.30.
At the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships, Agnel set the French record in the 400-meter freestyle with a time of 3:46.26 to beat Nicolas Rostoucher's record of 3:46.28 en route to winning gold.

2010 European Championships
At the 2010 European Aquatics Championships, Agnel won gold in the 400-meter freestyle setting a new French and championships record. Agnel then combined with Fabien Gilot, William Meynard, and Alain Bernard in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay to finish second behind Russia.  As the second leg, Agnel had a 48.23 split. As the leadoff leg in the 4×200 m freestyle relay, Agnel broke his own French record in the 200-meter freestyle with a time of 1:45.83.  Agnel, with Clement Lefert, Antton Haramboure, and Jérémy Stravius finished in third place in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay behind Russia and Germany.

2011 World Championships
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Agnel competed in three events.  In his first event, the 400-meter freestyle, Agnel finished in 6th place with a time of 3:45.24.  In his second event, the 200-meter freestyle, Agnel finished in fifth place with a time of 1:44.99, a new French record.  Agnel won his only medal of the competition, a silver, in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay.  Teaming with Grégory Mallet, Jérémy Stravius, and Fabien Gilot, their team had a final time of 7:04.81, a new French record.  The United States finished 1st with a time of 7:02.67.

2012
2012 Summer Olympics
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Agnel won a total of three medals: two golds and one silver.  In his first event, Agnel anchored a come-from-behind effort in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay to win gold with Amaury Leveaux, Fabien Gilot, and Clément Lefert.  Diving in with a 0.55 s deficit, Agnel was able to cut that down to a 0.30 s deficit at the 350-meter mark.  In the last 50-meters, Agnel pulled ahead of American Ryan Lochte and France won with a time of 3:09:93 to the United States' time of 3:10:38. Agnel swam the fastest split time of the entire field with a time of 46.74, the only individual to break 47 seconds. The next day, Agnel won his second gold medal in the 200-meter freestyle with a time of 1:43.14, the fastest in French swimming history and 1.79 seconds ahead of silver medal winners Sun Yang and Park Tae-hwan.  In the final, Agnel led from start-to-finish, recording a time of 50.64 in the first 100-meters and 52.50 in the last 100-meters.  His time of 25.98 for the last 50-meters was by far the fastest in the field. Agnel won his final medal, a silver, in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay behind the United States with Amaury Leveaux, Grégory Mallet, and Clément Lefert. He had the fastest split time of the field in the final with a time of 1:43.24 as the anchor leg. In his final event, the 100-meter freestyle, Agnel finished fourth in a personal best time of 47.84, 0.04 s of a second outside the medals. The European Swimming Federation named Agnel male European swimmer of the year 2012.

Post-Olympics
On 15 November 2012, Agnel broke his first world record in the 400-meter freestyle with a time of 3:32.25 during the first day of the French short course nationals in Angers.  In doing so, he bettered the previous record held by German swimmer Paul Biedermann (3.32.77) established in 2009 with a full bodysuit. A day later, he set the European record in the 800-meter freestyle and on 18 November, Agnel just missed Biedermann's world record in the 200-meter freestyle (short course).
At the 2012 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Chartres held a week after the French nationals, Agnel won a total of three medals: two gold and one bronze.
At year's end, Agnel was named the European Swimmer of the Year by Swimming World Magazine. In 2013, Agnel was made a Knight (Chevalier) of the Légion d'honneur.

2013 World Championships
At the 2013 FINA World Championships in Barcelona, Agnel competed only in three events. On the first day of the tournament, Agnel helped his French team capture the nation's first ever world title over the Americans and the Russians in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay. Teaming with Florent Manaudou, Fabien Gilot, and Jérémy Stravius in the final, Agnel recorded a lead-off split of 48.76 to deliver the French foursome a sterling time in 3:11.18. Two days later, Agnel added his second gold medal in the 200 m freestyle with a time of 1:44.20, finishing ahead of silver medalist and his training partner Conor Dwyer by 1.07 seconds. In his final event, 4 × 200 m freestyle relay, Agnel, along with Stravius, Grégory Mallet, and Lorys Bourelly, missed the podium by 17-hundredths of a second behind the Chinese team with a fourth-place effort in 7:04.91.

2014
After swimming in Nice, Agnel moved to the US to swim for the North Baltimore Aquatic Club, under coach Bob Bowman. The move proved to be un-successful as at the 2014 European Championship, Agnel was out of form and could only secure a bronze medal in the 200m freestyle. 
After the event, he decided to come back to France and now trains in Mulhouse.

2015
After securing a spot in the French national team, Agnel decided not to compete at the world championship in Kazan due to illness.

2016
Agnel finished in third position in the 200m freestyle event at the French national championships held on 30 March in Montpellier. Jérémy Stravius won the race while Jordan Pothain was second. In a controversial finish, it appeared that Agnel had finished second but failed to make clean contact with the timing pad at the end of the race. Only the top two finishers would qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics. However, Agnel's path to defending his Olympic 200m freestyle title has been cleared by Pothain's decision to swim the 400m freestyle and not the 200m freestyle. At the Rio Olympics, Agnel failed to go past the heats of the 200m freestyle. He announced his retirement from competitive swimming soon after.

Personal bests
As of 23 November 2012

See also
World record progression 400 metres freestyle


The 2018 Stratosphere 200 was the third stock car race of the 2018 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series season, and the 22nd iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, March 2 in North Las Vegas, Nevada at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, a 1.5 miles (2.4 km) permanent D-shaped oval racetrack. The race took the scheduled 134 laps to complete. In a late race restart, Kyle Busch of Kyle Busch Motorsports was able to hold off a charging Sauter and Moffitt for the last 11 laps to win the race, the 50th NASCAR Camping World Truck Series win of his career and the first of the season. To fill out the rest of the podium, Johnny Sauter of GMS Racing and Brett Moffitt of Hattori Racing Enterprises finished 2nd and 3rd, respectively.

Background
Las Vegas Motor Speedway, located in Clark County, Nevada outside the Las Vegas city limits and about 15 miles northeast of the Las Vegas Strip, is a 1,200-acre (490 ha) complex of multiple tracks for motorsports racing. The complex is owned by Speedway Motorsports, Inc., which is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Entry list
Practice
First practice
The first practice was held on Thursday, March 1 at 5:05 PM EST. Justin Marks of DGR-Crosley would set the fastest time of the session with a 30.313 and an average speed of 178.141 miles per hour (286.690 km/h).

Second and final practice
The second and final practice was held on Thursday, March 1 at 7:05 PM EST. Johnny Sauter of GMS Racing would set the fastest time with a 30.114 and an average speed of 179.319 miles per hour (288.586 km/h).

Qualifying
Qualifying was held on Friday, March 2, at 6:05 PM EST. The qualifying system was a single car, single lap, two round system where in the first round, everyone would set a time to determine positions 13-32. Then, the fastest 12 qualifiers would move on to the second round to determine positions 1-12.

Starting lineup
Race results
Stage 1 Laps: 40

Stage 2 Laps: 40

Stage 3 Laps: 54


Acrotriche is a  genus of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae. Species occur in all states of Australia. They include:

Acrotriche affinis DC. - Ridged ground-berry
Acrotriche aggregata R.Br. - Red cluster heath, tall groundberry or tall acrotriche
Acrotriche baileyana (Domin) J.M.Powell
Acrotriche cordata (Labill.) R.Br. - Coast ground-berry
Acrotriche depressa R.Br. - Wiry ground-berry
Acrotriche divaricata R.Br.
Acrotriche dura (Benth.) Quinn
Acrotriche fasciculiflora (Regel) Benth.
Acrotriche halmaturina B.R.Paterson
Acrotriche leucocarpa Jobson & Whiffin - Tall acrotriche
Acrotriche patula R.Br.
Acrotriche plurilocularis Jackes
Acrotriche prostrata F.Muell. - Trailing ground-berry
Acrotriche ramiflora R.Br.
Acrotriche rigida B.R.Paterson
Acrotriche serrulata R.Br. - Honeypots

References
"Acrotriche". Australian Plant Name Index (APNI), IBIS database. Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research, Australian Government, Canberra. Retrieved 10 September 2007.Eliogarty (Irish: Éile Uí Fhógarta) is a barony in County Tipperary, Ireland. This geographical unit of land is one of 12 baronies in County Tipperary. Its chief town is Thurles. The barony lies between Ikerrin to the north (whose chief town is Roscrea), Kilnamanagh Upper to the west (whose chief town is Borrisoleigh), Middle Third to the south (whose chief town is Cashel) and County Kilkenny to the east. It is currently administered by Tipperary County Council.

Legal context
Baronies were created after the Norman invasion of Ireland as divisions of counties and were used the administration of justice and the raising of revenue. While baronies continue to be officially defined units, they have been administratively obsolete since 1898. However, they continue to be used in land registration and in specification, such as in planning permissions. In many cases, a barony corresponds to an earlier Gaelic túath which had submitted to the Crown. This is probably true in the case of  Eliogarty - see History below.

History
Ancient history
The ancient territory of Éile obtained its name from pre-historic inhabitants called the Eli, about whom little is known beyond what may be gathered from legends and traditions. The extent of Éile varied throughout the centuries with the rise and fall of the tribes in occupation. Before the 5th century A.D. the details of its history which can be gleaned from surviving records and literature are exceedingly meagre, obscure and confusing. During this century however Éile appears to have reached its greatest extent, stretching from Croghan Bri Eli (Croghan Hill in Offaly) to just south of Cashel (in Corca Eathrach Eli). The southern part of this territory embraced the baronies of Eliogarty and Ikerrin, a great part of the modern barony of Middlethird, the territory of Ileagh, and portion of the present barony of Kilnamanagh Upper.
By the 8th century, the territory of Ancient Éile had broken up into a number of petty kingdoms: the O’Carrolls occupied the northern portion, the O’Spillanes held Ileagh (Ileigh) while the Eóganacht Chaisil had annexed Middlethird. The O’Fogartys held what is now the barony of Eliogarty, while to the north of them, at least some time later, were O’Meaghers of Ikerrin. The River Nore, at its position between Roscrea and Templemore, although just a small stream at this point, is usually taken as the southern limit of Ely O'Carroll territory.

Cromwellian settlement
As the Down Survey was being conducted in the 1650s, the barony had so effectively been cleared of its native population it was found necessary to have some returned from Connaught to clarify to surveyors the extent of properties for distribution to Undertakers.

Modern times
When County Tipperary was split into North and South Ridings in 1836, Eliogarty was allocated to the north riding. However, the neighbouring barony of Kilnamanagh was split into Upper and Lower half-baronies, being allocated to the north and south ridings respectively.
The barony's greatest length, from north to south, is 14.5 miles; its greatest breadth is 10.5 miles; its area is 10,681 acres.

Towns, villages and townlands in the barony
See also
List of civil parishes of County Tipperary

References
External links
Walsh, Dennis (2003). "Barony Map of Ireland". Retrieved 13 February 2007. Source given is "Ordnance survey".Nathan Retro (born 18 November 1987), professionally known under the mononym Retro, is an English electronic, dance music, futurepop, grime, hip-hop, R&B and rock producer and DJ from Bradford. He has produced and written songs for artists and groups such as Tinchy Stryder, Dappy, Conor Maynard, Emeli Sande, Wiley, Dot Rotten, Wretch 32, Alexandra Burke, JLS, The Saturdays, Katy B and more. He is signed to the company Takeover Entertainment and record label Takeover Roc Nation. He is known for his retro-futurism style of musical composition.

Career
Early career
Nathan Retro moved to Manchester, England in 2006 to further his education in music and take his career to the next level. After tireless hours working day and night perfecting his sound, Nathan Retro has become something of a musical genius. After 4 years of hard work and determination he secured a publishing deal with Takeover/Cloud 9 and also signed to Takeover Entertainment in July 2009 and Takeover Roc Nation in 2011.

(2011-present)
In April 2011, an instrumental named "Lunar Riddim" created by Nathan Retro and MNEK was used during Nike's Air Lunar campaign starring Mario Balotelli.Nathan Retro is currently working with Dappy, JLS, The Saturdays, Leona Lewis, Cher Lloyd, One Direction, Alexandra Burke, Dot Rotten, Wretch 32, Loick Essien and many more.

Production style
Nathan Retro, a futuristic super producer with many talents (drums, keyboard, bass, guitar) has quickly built a strong reputation within the music industry, with blending innovative and unique sounds with thumping beats and heart filled lyrics into songs that everyone can relate to.He works alongside his long-time production partner David Dawood, and they both produced Dappy's third single "Come with Me", from his debut studio album titled Bad Intentions.

Discography
Production & Song Writing Credits
2009 – Present
Remixography
Singles
References
External links
Video on YouTube
Retro on Twitter 
Retro on SoundCloudSerbian culture is a term that encompasses the artistic, culinary, literary, musical, political and social elements that are representative of Serbs and Serbia.

History
The Byzantine Empire had a great influence on Serbian culture as it initially governed the Byzantine and Frankish frontiers in the name of the emperors. Serbs soon formed an independent country. They were baptised by Eastern Orthodox missionaries and adopted the Cyrillic script, with both Latin and Catholic influences in the southern regions. The Republic of Venice influenced the maritime regions of the Serbian state in the Middle Ages. The Serbian Orthodox Church gained autocephaly from Constantinople in 1219. The pope declared Stefan the First Crowned king, starting a prosperous medieval period of Serbian culture. The Ottoman Empire conquered the Serbian Despotate in 1459, ending a cultural and political renaissance. Ottomans ruled the territory and influenced Serbian culture, especially in the southern regions. Meanwhile, in the northern regions, the Habsburg Monarchy expanded into modern-day Serbian territory beginning at the end of the 17th century, culturally binding this part of the nation to Central Europe, rather than the Balkans. After the Serbian Revolution led to autonomy and eventual independence, its people became the primary influence on the culture of Serbia.

Religion
Conversion of the South Slavs from Slavic paganism to Christianity began in the early 7th century, long before the Great Schism, the split between the Greek Orthodox East and the Roman Catholic West. The Serbs were first Christianised during the reign of Heraclius (610–641). They were fully Christianised by Eastern Orthodox Missionaries (Saints) Cyril and Methodius in 869 during the reign of Basil I, who sent them following Knez Mutimir's acknowledgement of the suzerainty of the Byzantine Empire.After the Schism, those who lived under the Byzantine sphere of influence became Orthodox; those who lived under the Roman sphere of influence became Catholic. During Stefan Nemanjić's reign (1169–1196), Serbian principalities were united into a Kingdom and many churches and monasteries were built throughout the territories, including the Studenica Monastery. Nemanjić's youngest son, Saint Sava (born as Rastko) was an influential Serbian monk who became the first independent Serbian Archbishop in 1219, granted by the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople.Later, with the arrival of the Ottoman Empire, one group of Serbs converted to Islam. Their modern descendants are considered to be members of the Gorani and Bosniak ethnic groups. The Serbian Orthodox Church was the westernmost bastion of Eastern Orthodox Christianity in Europe, which shaped its historical fate through contacts with Catholicism and Islam.
During World War II the Serbs, who lived in a wide area, were persecuted by various peoples and organisations. Catholic Croats within the Independent State of Croatia recognised the Serbs only as "Croats of the Eastern Greek faith". They held the ideological view that one third of the Serbs were to be murdered, one third were to be converted and the last third expelled. This view led to the deaths of at least 300,000 people, the religious conversion of 250,000 as well as mass expulsion.According to the 2011 Serbian census, 6,079,396 people (84.6%) identified themselves as Christian Orthodox, five per cent Roman Catholic, three per cent Muslim and one per cent Protestant.

Names
Given names
As with most Western cultures, a child is given a first name chosen by their parents but approved by the child's godparents who usually approve their choice). The given name comes first, the surname last, e.g. "Željko Popović", where "Željko" is a first name and "Popović" is a family name. Female names typically end with -a or -ica.Popular names are mostly of Serbian (Slavic), Christian (Biblical), Greek and Latin origin. Some examples are:

Serbian: Dragana, Dušan, Milan, Milica, Miloš, Nemanja, Uroš, Vuk
Greek: Aleksandar, Anastasija, Anđela, Đorđe, Jelena, Katarina, Nikola, Stefan
Biblical: Ana, Lazar, Luka, Jovan or Ivan, Marija, Marko, Matija, Mihajlo, Pavle, Petar
Latin:  Antonije, Roman, Srđan, Valentina

Surnames
Most Serbian surnames (like Bosnian, Croatian and Montenegrin) have the surname suffix -ić (pronounced [t͡ɕ], Cyrillic: -ић). This is often transliterated as -ic or -ici. In history, Serbian names have often been transcribed with a phonetic ending, -ich or -itch. This form is often associated with Serbs from before the early 20th century: hence Milutin Milanković is usually referred to, for historical reasons, as Milutin Milankovitch.
The -ić suffix, with variants "-ović"/"-ević", is originally a Slavic diminutive and its meaning has been extended to create patronymics. Thus the surname Petr(ov)ić signifies "little Petar", as does, for example, "-sen"/"-son" in Scandinavian and to a lesser extent German and English names or a common prefix Mac ("son of") in Scottish and Irish, and O' (grandson of) in Irish names. It is estimated that some two thirds of all Serbian surnames end in -ić but that some 80% of Serbs carry such a surname with many common names being spread out among tens and even hundreds of non-related extended families.
Other common surname suffixes are -ov or -in which is the Slavic possessive case suffix, thus Nikola's son becomes Nikolin, Petar's son Petrov, and Jovan's son Jovanov. Those are more typical for Serbs from Vojvodina. The two suffixes are often combined. The most common surnames are Marković, Nikolić, Petrović, and Jovanović.

Cuisine
Most people in Serbia have three meals daily, breakfast, lunch and dinner, with lunch being the largest and most important meal. However, people traditionally ate only lunch and dinner, with breakfast being introduced in the second half of the 19th century.

Background
Traditional Serbian cuisine is varied and can be said to be a mix of European, Mediterranean and Middle Eastern fare. Ćevapi consisting of grilled heavily seasoned mixed ground meat patties is considered the national dish. Other notable dishes include koljivo used in religious rituals, Serbian salad, sarma (stuffed wineleaf), pilav (pilaf,a  Middle eastern meal similar to rizzoto), moussaka and bean soup (prebranac). Česnica is a traditional bread for Christmas Day.

Homemade meals
A number of foods which are easily available in Western supermarkets, are often made at home in Serbia. These include rakija (fruit brandy), slatko, jam, jelly, and pickled foods (notably sauerkraut, ajvar and sausage). There can be economic or cultural reasons behind these food choices. Food preparation is a strong part of the Serbian family tradition.

Desserts
Serbian desserts are a mixture of other Balkan desserts and desserts native to central Serbia. The desserts that are usually served include uštipci, tulumbe, krofne and palačinke (crepes). Slatko is a traditional Serbian dessert popular throughout Serbia and it can be found in most Serbian restaurants in the Balkans and in the diaspora.

Drinks
Beer is widely consumed in Serbia. The most popular brands are Jelen Pivo and Lav Pivo. Rakija, a type of fruit brandy is also widespread, with the plum rakija (šljivovica, symbol of Šumadija), and grape rakija (loza, southern Serbia). This is Serbia's national drink and is common in other Mediterranean countries. Domestic wine is also popular. Turkish coffee (called domaća or srpska kafa) is widely consumed as well.

Language
Serbs speak the Serbian language, one of the South Slavic group of languages, specifically in the Southwestern Slavic subgroup together with other Serbo-Croatian varieties and Slovenian. It is mutually intelligible with the Croatian and Bosnian languages (see Differences in standard Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian) and most linguists consider it one of the standard varieties of the common Serbo-Croatian language.
The Serbian language comprises several dialects, the standard language is based on the Stokavian dialect.It is an official language in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro. In Hungary, Slovakia, Croatia, North Macedonia and Romania, it is a regionally recognised minority language.
There are also historical variants of the Serbian language, namely Old Serbian and Slavonic-Serbian, a blend of Church Slavonic, Russian and Serbian.

Serbian is the only European language with active digraphia, using both Cyrillic and Latin alphabets. The Serbian Cyrillic alphabet was devised in 1814 by Vuk Karadžić, who created the alphabet on phonemic principles. Cyrillic has its origins in the Cyril and Methodius transformation from the Greek script. The Latin alphabet used for Serbian is Ljudevit Gaj's version shared by all Southwestern Slavic languages.
Loanwords in the Serbian language are mostly from Turkish, German and Italian; words of Hungarian origin are present mostly in the north and Greek words mostly in the liturgy.
Two Serbian words that are used in many of the world's languages are vampire and paprika. Slivovitz and ćevapčići are Serbian words which have spread together with the Serbian food/drink they refer to. Šljivovica is borrowed from the German; paprika entered Serbian via Ottoman Turkish. Vampire entered most West European languages through German-language texts in the early 18th century and has since spread around the world.

Literature
Most Medieval literature was about religious themes. Various gospels, psalters, menologies, hagiographies, and essays and sermons of the founders of the Serbian Orthodox Church were written. At the end of the 12th century, two of the most important pieces of Serbian medieval literature were created—the Miroslav Gospels (UNESCO's Memory of the World) and the Vukan Gospels, which combined handwritten Biblical texts with painted initials and small pictures. Serbian epic poetry was a central part of medieval Serbian literature based on historic events such as the Battle of Kosovo.
Notable Baroque authors include Andrija Zmajević, Gavril Stefanović Venclović, Jovan Rajić and Zaharije Orfelin. Dositej Obradović is the most prominent literary figure of the Age of Enlightenment, while the most notable Classicist writer is Jovan Sterija Popović, although his works also contain elements of Romanticism. Modern Serbian literature began with Vuk Karadžić's collections of folk songs in the 19th century, and the writings of Njegoš and Branko Radičević. The first prominent representative of Serbian literature in the 20th century is Jovan Skerlić, who wrote in pre–World War I Belgrade and helped to introduce Serbian writers to literary modernism.
In the 20th century, Serbian literature flourished and a myriad of young and talented writers appeared. The most well-known authors are Ivo Andrić, Miloš Crnjanski, Meša Selimović, Borislav Pekić, Danilo Kiš, Milorad Pavić, David Albahari, Miodrag Bulatović, Dobrica Ćosić, Zoran Živković among others. Jelena Dimitrijević and Isidora Sekulić are two early 20th century women writers; Svetlana Velmar-Janković was the best-known female novelist in mi-20th and early 21st century. 
Ivo Andrić won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1961.

Milorad Pavić is one of the most widely acclaimed Serbian authors, most notably for his Dictionary of the Khazars, which has been translated into 38 languages.

Traditions and customs
Among Slavs and Orthodox Christians, only Serbs have the custom of slava. Each family has one patron saint they venerate on their feast day.  Unlike most customs that are common for everyone, each family celebrates its own saint (of course, there is a lot of overlap) who is considered its protector separately. A slava is passed down mostly, though not exclusively, from father to son. (If a family has no son, and a daughter stays in the parental home and her husband moves in, her slava, not his, is celebrated). Each household celebrates only one saint, so the occasion brings the whole family together. However, since many saints (e.g. St. Nicholas, St. John the Baptist, St. George, St. Archangels of Gabriel and Michael, and the Apostles St. Peter and Paul) have two feast days, both are marked. 

Slava, Serbian Orthodox Patron saint veneration
Kumstvo, God-parenthood in the Serbian Orthodox Church
Pobratimstvo, blood-brotherhood
Serbian Christmas traditions
Badnjak (Serbian), Christmas tradition
Serbian epic poetry, Epic poetry
Čuvari Hristovog groba  is a religious/cultural practice of guarding a representation of Christ's grave on Good Friday in the Church of St. Nicholas by the Serbian Orthodox inhabitants in the town of VrlikaThe Serbs are a highly family-oriented society, which glancing at a Serbian dictionary and the richness of their terminology related to kinship makes clear.

The traditional dance is a circle dance called kolo, which is common among Serbs, Montenegrins and Macedonians. It is a collective dance, where a group of people (usually several dozen, at the very least three) hold each other by the hands or around the waist dancing, forming a circle (hence the name), semicircle or spiral. It is called Oro in Montenegro. Similar circle dances also exist in other cultures of the region.

The Serbian Orthodox Church uses the traditional Julian calendar, so Christmas Day (December 25) falls on January 7 on the Gregorian calendar and is the day Serbs celebrate Christmas. This is shared with the Orthodox churches of Jerusalem, Russia, Georgia, Ukraine and the Greek Old Calendarists.Serbs have their own customs regarding Christmas.  Early in the morning of Christmas Eve, the head of the family would go to a forest to cut badnjak, a young oak, the oak tree would then be brought into the church to be blessed by the priest. Then it would be stripped of its branches and combined with wheat and other grain products would be burned in the fireplace. The burning of the badnjak is a ritual which is of pagan origin and is considered a sacrifice to God (or the old pagan gods) so that the coming year may bring plenty of food, happiness, love, luck and riches. Nowadays, with most Serbs living in towns, they go to their church service to be given a small parcel of oak, wheat and other branches tied together to be taken home and set afire. The house floor and church are covered with hay, reminding worshippers of the stable in which Jesus was born.
Christmas Day itself is celebrated with a feast, necessarily featuring roasted piglet as the main meal. The most important Christmas meal is česnica, a special bread. It contains a coin; during the lunch, the family breaks up the bread and the one who finds the coin is said to be assured of an especially happy year.Unlike in the West, Christmas is not associated with presents, although it is the day of Saint Nicholas, the protector saint of children, to whom presents are given. Most Serbian families give presents on New Year's Day. Santa Claus (Deda Mraz (literally meaning Grandpa Frost)) and the Christmas tree (generally associated with New Year's Day) are also used in Serbia because of globalisation. Serbs celebrate the Old New Year (currently on January 14 of the Gregorian calendar).
On Orthodox Easter, Serbs have the tradition of Slavic Egg decorating.
Another related feature, often lamented by Serbs themselves, is disunity and discord; as Slobodan Naumović puts it, "Disunity and discord have acquired in the Serbian popular imaginary a notorious, quasi-demiurgic status. They are often perceived as being the chief malefactors in Serbian history, causing political or military defeats, and threatening to tear Serbian society completely apart." That disunity is often quoted as the source of Serbian historic tragedies, from the Battle of Kosovo in 1389 to Yugoslav Wars in the 1990s. Even the contemporary notion of "two Serbia's"—one supposedly liberal, pro-European, Eurocentric and pro-western—and the other conservative, nationalist, Russophilic and Eurosceptic seems to be an extension of the discord. Popular proverbs "two Serbs, three political  parties" and "God save us from Serbs that may unite!", and even the unofficial Serbian motto "Only Unity Saves the Serbs" (Samo sloga Srbina spasava) illustrates the national frustration with the inability to unite over important issues.

Humour
Serbian has a long tradition of humour and popular jokes. The most common type of humour is black humour and Serbian jokes are often imitated by other peoples from the Balkans, often with a twist. As with many other peoples, there are popular stereotypes at the local level: in popular jokes and stories, northern Serbs of Vojvodina (Lale) are perceived as phlegmatic, undisturbed and slow; Montenegrins are lazy and pushy; people from Pirot are misers; Bosnians are raw and simple; Serbs from Central Serbia (Šumadija) are often portrayed as capricious and malicious, etc.

Visual arts
There was some resumption of artistic endeavour after the restoration of the Serbian patriarch in 1557. Djordje Mitrofanović was the leading painter of the early 17th century with his work on the church at the Morača Monastery considered as amongst his best.

A Baroque church 'Our Lady of the Rocks' on an island in the Boka Kotorska, in Montenegro is one of the most notable pieces of architecture in Serbia from the early modern period; many fine specimens of silverware dating from the 17th century are contained within its walls. Traditional Serbian art was beginning to show some Baroque influences at the end of the 18th century as shown in the works of Nikola Nešković, Teodor Kračun and Jakov Orfelin.There was somewhat of a resurgence in Serbian art in the 19th century as Serbia gradually regained its autonomy. Prince Aleksandar commissioned the building of a Monument to the Insurgents in Karađorđev Park in 1848 in Vračar. Serbian paintings showed the influence of Neoclassicism and Romanticism during the 19th century. Anastas Jovanović was a pioneering photographer in Serbia, taking the photos of many leading citizens.
Kirilo Kutlik set up the first school of art in Serbia in 1895. Many of his students went to study in Western Europe, especially France and Germany, and brought back avant-garde styles. Fauvism influenced Nadežda Petrović, while Sava Šumanović worked in Cubism.
After World War I, the Belgrade School of Painting developed in the capital with some members such as Milan Konjović working in a Fauvist manner, while others such as Marko Čelebonović worked in a style called Intimisme based on the use of colours.
The most famous Serbian painters were Paja Jovanović and Uroš Predić, painting in the Realist style. Their monumental paintings of historical events have inspired generations of Serbian artists.

Performing arts
Music
Serbian music dates from the medieval period with strong church and folk traditions. Church music in Serbia of the time was based on the Osmoglasnik a cycle of religious songs based on the resurrection and lasting for eight weeks. During the Nemanjić dynasty and under other rulers such as Stefan Dušan, musicians enjoyed royal patronage. There was a strong folk tradition in Serbia dating from this time.

During Ottoman rule, Serbs were forbidden to own property, to learn to read and write and denied the use of musical instruments. Church music had to be performed in private. The gusle, a one-stringed instrument, was used by Serbian peasants during this time in an effort to find a loophole through the stringent Ottoman laws. Filip Višnjić was a particularly notable guslar (gusle player). In the 18th century, Russian and Greek chant schools were established and the Serbian Orthodox Church accepted Church Slavonic into their liturgy.
Folk music enjoyed a resurgence in the 19th century. Stevan Mokranjac, a composer and musicologist, collected folk songs as well as performing his own work. Kornelije Stanković wrote the first Serbian language works for choirs.
Traditional Serbian folk music remains popular today, especially in rural areas. Western rock and pop music has become increasingly popular, mainly in cities with rock acts such as Riblja Čorba and Đorđe Balašević incorporating political statements in their music. Turbo-folk combines Western rock and pop styles with traditional folk music vocals. Serbian immigrants have taken their musical traditions to nations such as the US and Canada.
Marija Šerifović won first place at the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest, and Serbia was the host of the 2008 contest.Several notable composers used motifs from Serbian folk music and composed works inspired by Serbian history or culture, such as Johannes Brahms, Franz Liszt, Arthur Rubinstein, Antonín Dvořák, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Franz Schubert, Hans Huber and other.

Theatre and cinema
Serbia has a well-established theatrical tradition with many theatres. The Serbian National Theatre was established in 1861. The company started performing opera at the end of the 19th century and the permanent opera was established in 1947. It established a ballet company.
Bitef, Belgrade International Theatre Festival, is one of the oldest theatre festivals in the world. New Theatre Tendencies is the constant subtitle of the Festival. Founded in 1967, Bitef has continually followed and supported the latest theater trends. It has become one of thefive most important and biggest European festivals, and one of the most significant culture institutions of Serbia.
Cinema was established reasonably early in Serbia, with 12 feature films being produced before the start of World War II. The most notable of the prewar films is Mihailo Popovic's The Battle of Kosovo in 1939.

Cinema prospered after World War II. The most notable postwar director is Dušan Makavejev, who is recognised internationally for Love Affair: Or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator in 1969. Makavejev's Montenegro was made in Sweden in 1981. Zoran Radmilović was one of the most notable actors of the postwar period.
Serbian cinema continued to make progress in the 1990s and today, despite the turmoil of the 1990s. Emir Kusturica won two Golden Palms for Best Feature Film at the Cannes Film Festival, for When Father Was Away on Business in 1985 and then again for Underground in 1995. In 1998, Kusturica won a Silver Lion for directing Black Cat, White Cat.

Serbian handcrafts
Serbia has a long tradition of handicrafts. Đakovica in Kosovo was known for its black pottery. Pirot in southern Serbia became known for its ceramics under the Ottomans with the potters following Byzantine designs. It also became a centre for the production of kilims or rugs.
The Slavs introduced jewellery making to Serbia in the 6th century AD. Metalworking started to develop on a significant scale following the development of a Serbian state. Workshops were set up in towns, large estates and in monasteries. The Studenica Monastery was known for the quality of its goldsmithing. Coins were minted not only by the kings but some of the wealthier nobility. The nobility was influenced by the wealth of the Byzantine court. Metalworking like many other arts and crafts went into decline following the Ottoman conquest. However, there was a partial revival in later centuries with a strong Baroque influence notably, the 17th century silverware at Our Lady of the Rocks on Boka Kotorska.

Media
As of 2001, there were 27 daily newspapers and 580 other newspapers published in Serbia. Some of them have Internet editions. Politika founded in 1904 is the oldest daily newspaper in the Balkans. There were also 491 periodical magazines published in Serbia with the Nedeljne informativne novine (NIN) and Vreme amongst the notable ones. The state exerts its influence on some daily publications such as Večernje novosti and Politika.Television broadcasting started in 1958 with every country in the former Yugoslavia having its own station. In Serbia, the state television station was known as RTB and became known as RTS (Radio Television of Serbia) after the breakup of Yugoslavia. From the time of Yugoslavia until the Bulldozer Revolution in 2000, the ruling party controlled state broadcasting. NATO bombed the headquarters of the RTS station during its 1999 air-strikes against Yugoslavia, claiming it was being used for propaganda purposes.
There was some private broadcasting with the B92 radio and television station starting in 1989, although it was shut down in 1999 during the hostilities. After the fall of Milošević, RTS became known as the "new" RTS as an assertion of independence while B92 commenced broadcasting. During 2001, there were 70 television centres in Serbia of which 24 were privately owned. In 2003, there was a return to censorship as the government of Zoran Živković temporarily imposed a state of emergency following the assassination of Zoran Djindjic. The European Federation of Journalists continues to have concerns over media freedom in the country.

Sport
Serbia is very successful in many sports. Among the most popular sports are football, basketball, water polo, sport shooting, handball, volleyball and tennis.
The two most popular football clubs in Serbia are Red Star Belgrade and FK Partizan. Their supporters are the Delije and the Grobari, respectively. The Serbian national football team participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
In basketball, Serbian clubs are successful and participate regularly in European competitions, where they often make quarter-final and semi-final appearances. The Serbian national basketball team is successful in international competitions, having won several FIBA World Championship, EuroBasket and Olympic gold medals.
Serbian men's and women's teams are also World Champions in sports, such as water polo and volleyball.
Serbian tennis players have been successful. Novak Djokovic is the current World No. 1, and he has won nineteen Grand Slam Singles titles so far. Janko Tipsarević, Viktor Troicki, Jelena Janković and Ana Ivanovic are also successful. The Serbia Davis Cup team won the 2010 Davis Cup Final held in the Belgrade Arena.

Cultural institutions
At the beginning of the 21st century, there were 32 art galleries and 142 museums in Serbia. Belgrade has many of the most significant with the National Museum of Serbia in Belgrade, the Gallery of Frescoes featuring Orthodox Church art, the Ethnographic Museum and the Princess Ljubica's Residence. Novi Sad contains the Museum of Vojvodina, Gallery of Matica Srpska as well as the Petrovaradin fortress.
Matica Srpska is the oldest and most notable cultural and scientific organisation in today's Serbia. Its name is translated in Serbian as the Serbian matrix or parent body of the Serbs. It was founded in 1826 in Budapest and moved to Novi Sad in 1864. Amongst other achievements, it compiled a six-volume study of the Serbian language between 1967 and 1976. Its journal Letopis Matice Srpske is one of the oldest periodicals examining scientific and cultural issues anywhere in the world. Vojvodina province of Austro-Hungary became attractive for Serbs ever since the fall of Serbia in the 15th century, and was the site of the Great Serbian Migrations, when Serbs colonised the area escaping Turkish vengeance. Sremski Karlovci became the spiritual, political and cultural centre of the Serbs in the Habsburg Empire, with the Metropolitan of the Serbian Orthodox Church residing in the town. To this day, Serbian Patriarch retains the title of Metropolitan of (Sremski) Karlovci. The town featured the earliest Serb and Slavic grammar school (Serbian: gimnazija/гимназија, French: Lycée) founded on August 3, 1791. In 1794, an Orthodox seminary was also founded in the town, ranking second oldest in the world (after the Spiritual Academy in Kiev). Novi Sad is home to Serbia's oldest professional theatre, founded in 1861 as Serbian National Theatre (serbian: Srpsko Narodno Pozorište), followed by Belgrade in 1868; however two other cities claim this title: City of Kragujevac Knjazesko Srbski Teatar since 1835 and Subotica since 1851 (*there were theatres throughout Serbia long before that time but cannot be classified as "professional").
There is a network of libraries with three national libraries, 689 public libraries, 143 higher education libraries and 11 non-specialised libraries as of 1998. The National Library of Serbia is the most significant of these. Project Rastko, founded in 1997, is an Internet library of Serb culture.The roots of the Serbian education system date back to the 11th and 12th centuries when the first Catholic colleges were founded in Vojvodina (Titel, Bac). Medieval Serbian education, however, was mostly conducted in Serbian Orthodox monasteries (UNESCO protected Sopoćani, Studenica, Patriarchate of Peć) starting from the rise of Raška in the 12th century, when Serbs overwhelmingly embraced Eastern Orthodoxy rather than Roman Catholicism. The first European-style higher education facilities, however, were founded in Catholic Vojvodina, Teacher's College in Subotica in 1689, although several facilities have functioned even before (e.g. Jesuit School in Belgrade, since 1609). Following the short-lived Serbian independence between 1804 and 1813, Belgrade officially became the educational centre of the country (excluding Vojvodina). The University of Belgrade is the largest and most prestigious institution of higher education in Serbia, founded as the Belgrade Higher School in 1808. The Gymnasium Jovan Jovanović Zmaj was founded in 1810 and many important Serb cultural figures studied there.
Within the Government of Serbia, the Serbian Ministry for Culture is responsible for administering its cultural facilities.

National symbols
The Serbian flag is a red-blue-white horizontal tricolour.
The Serbian eagle, a white two-headed eagle, which represents dual power and sovereignty (monarch and church), was the coat of arms of the Nemanjić dynasty.
The Serbian cross is based on the Byzantine cross, but where the Byzantine Cross held four Greek letter 'V' (or 'B') meaning King of Kings, ruling over Kings, the Serbian cross turned the Byzantine "B" into four Cyrillic letters of 'S' (C) with little stylistic modification, for a whole new message (traditionally rendered as Samo sloga Srbina spasava—Only Unity Saves the Serbs). If displayed on a field, traditionally it is on a red field, but could be used with no field at all.Both the eagle and the cross, besides being the basis for various Serbian coats of arms through history, are the basis for the symbols of various Serbian organisations, political parties, institutions and companies.
Serbian folk attire varies, mostly because of the very diverse geography and climate of the territory inhabited by the Serbs. Some parts of it are, however, common:

A traditional shoe that is called the opanak. It is recognisable by its distinctive tips that spiral backward. Each region of Serbia has a different kind of tips.
A traditional hat that is called the šajkača. It is easily recognisable by its top part that looks like the letter V or like the bottom of a boat (viewed from above), after which it got its name. It gained wide popularity in the early 20th century as it was the hat of the Serbian army in the First World War. It is still worn every day by some villagers today, and it was a common item of headgear among Bosnian Serb military commanders during the Bosnian War in the 1990s. However, the šajkača is common mostly for the Serbian population living in the region of Central Serbia (Šumadija), while Serbs living in Vojvodina, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Croatia had different types of traditional hats, which are not similar to šajkača. Different types of traditional hats could also be found in eastern and southern parts of Central Serbia.

See also
Architecture of Serbia
Cultural Heritage of Serbia
Serbian literature
Serbian printing
Tourism in Serbia

References
Further reading
External links
Online references
Serbia Ministry of Culture
The Christian heritage of Kosovo and Metohija - The historical and spiritual heartland of the Serbian people
Radio Television Serbia (in Serbian)
European Federation of Journalists Serbia page
Serbian info culture page
Serbian info Art History page
Encarta Yugoslavia article
Encarta Yugoslav literature page
Serbian medieval literature history
Columbia University Yugoslav Literature article
Treasures National Library Serbia
Project Rastko (1995): The History of Serbian Culture

Other references
"Serbia and Montenegro", Encyclopædia Britannica, 2005
"Serbia", Grove Art Online, 2005
"Serbia", Grove Music Online, 2005
The Statesman's Yearbook 2005: The Politics, Cultures and Economies of the World, London: Palgrave Macmillan, 2004, ISBN 1-4039-1481-8Kitty Marion (12 March 1871 – 9 October 1944) was born Katherina Maria Schäfer in Germany. She immigrated to London in 1886 when she was fifteen, and she grew to minor prominence when she sang in music halls throughout the United Kingdom during the late 19th century. She became known in the field for standing up for female performers against agents, corruption, and for better working conditions. She joined the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) in 1908, engaged in selling their newspaper Votes for Women and became a prominent suffragette in the United Kingdom for her participation in civil unrest protests including riots and arson. As a result, Marion was arrested many times and is known for having endured 232 force-feedings while on hunger strike in prison. She is quoted as saying “there are no words to describe the horrible revolting sensation.” When World War I started she emigrated to the United States, and there she joined the team on Margaret Sanger’s Birth Control Review. Although she used her tenacity and loud voice to get people to pay attention to her cause, she did not use violence as much as she had in the United Kingdom, although she was still arrested many times for advocating birth control.

Early years
Katherina Maria Schafer was born in Rietberg in Westphalia, Germany, on 12 March 1871. Her mother died of tuberculosis when the child was two, leaving Marion with her father. Four years later, when Marion was six, her step-mother also died of tuberculosis. Her father, whose name was Gustav (see Riddell, Death in Ten Minutes), abused Marion and hated that she had red hair. When Marion was fifteen, she was secretly sent by her German uncle to live with her aunt in England, to escape her father's violence (see Riddell).

Career
Actress
From when she was a skinny child, Marion had liked to sing and dance. While in school, she was quoted as saying, “[A]t singing and reciting I excelled simply because it came easily to me and I loved it.” Shortly after she moved to England to live with her aunt, she started performing on the pantomime stage. She found a natural home in London music halls, where variety shows included songs and skits that commented on current events. It was a more open, diverse, and informal environment of artists compared to the rest of Victorian England. When she started singing in the halls, her roles were so small that she did not even appear on the program, but she eventually moved her way up through the chorus and minor roles to become the understudy for lead roles in performances that toured the UK such as The Lady Slavery.Marion's more significant contribution to the music hall industry was rebelling against the corrupt system that permitted assaults against women within it. The working conditions for performers were harsh, and Peter Bailey has criticized the creation of the "more or less professionalized labor force". The exploitation was very sexist, as women were expected to perform sexual favors in exchange for jobs. Marion recalls in her unpublished autobiography one of these encounters with an agent called Mr. Dreck. During a meeting about a performance opportunity Dreck tried to kiss her. She resisted, fell, and hit her head. He told her that she would not be able to succeed if she continued to stop sexual advances from men in power. In 1906 she joined the Actor's Association and the Variety Artists Federation (VAF) where she was outspoken about the treatment of female performers. In the same year she gained public recognition when she wrote a response letter to the London Era newspaper after they published actors’ lack of loyalty to their agents. Marion wrote that she had “given up hope for a woman who wants to earn her own living, and at the same time rise in the profession on her merits only, without influence of any sort.”  Over the next six weeks many other women wrote describing their own experiences. Her involvement with the suffrage movement harmed her career in the UK because of her damaged reputation. Agents did not want to cause scandals. Conversely, performance opportunities increased when she moved to the United States, but she was not able to work because of her time spent with the Birth Control Review.

Activist
While advocating for performers, Marion was drawn to the Suffragette Movement. She joined the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) in 1908 and the Actresses Franchise League (AFL) in 1909. Her first role at the WSPU was selling their newspaper, Votes for Women, on the streets. Although she initially did not like doing it, eventually she became comfortable with her job and developed into one of the best members according to Barbara Green. Marion embraced the militant activism the WSPU used, and participated in processions during which police officers became violent against them. She threw bricks into windows of post offices, grocery stores, and once threw a package of suffragette literature through the window of the Home Office. She handled many terrorist arson attacks and bombings, not intended to hurt people, in churches and train carriages. They did not cause as much damage as current bombs do because the bombs smoked before they detonated, giving people time to get away. She once submitted a false fire alarm for inspection and refused to pay a fine. She would rather serve jail time, so she went to jail for a month with the support of other suffragettes. Her most notorious act was burning down the Hurst Park Race grandstand on June 8, 1913 with Clara Giveen. She was sentenced to three years in prison, and it was there she received extensive force feeding. While in prison, many suffragettes would go on hunger strike, so the prison staff would hold them down and insert tubes down the nostrils, mouth, or throat while liquid food was poured. Sometimes it would be administered so incorrectly it would cause stabbing pain or even loss of consciousness. Marion was administered this 232 times, sometimes three times a day. She remembers it to be “hellish torture,” but after she was released from prison, she was only more motivated from her experiences.Marion had been given a Hunger Strike Medal 'for Valour' by WSPU.
Marion had to leave the United Kingdom at the start of World War I because of anti-German sentiment, and with the help of influential suffragettes she was able to emigrate to the United States. She met Margaret Sanger at Carnegie Hall, and started working with her selling Sanger's magazine, the Birth Control Review. She became a familiar New York figure as she would be standing in Times Square to Coney Island, selling diligently. It was a form of protest as well as education, because it forced people to pay attention to what she was talking about. She filled this position for 13 years, and although her actions were not as militant as they were in the UK, she was still arrested many times. In November 1918 she spent thirty days in jail for selling a pamphlet to a Vice Society member. There she met Agnes Smedley, a political dissident. Smedley remembers Marion coming down the hallway every morning yelling “Three cheers for birth control.” She returned to England briefly to see the unveiling of a statue of Mrs. Pankhurst, but because of this trip she was dismissed from the Birth Control Review. When she came back to the United States, she started working at the Speech Improvement Project at the WPA where she helped children learn English.Marion died in the Sanger Nursing Home in New York City on 9 October 1944.

Further Information
Marion compiled a scrapbook of her suffrage activities which has been digitised.

See also
Suffragette bombing and arson campaign

Notes
References
Engelman, Peter C. (2011), A History of the Birth Control Movement in America,  ABC-CLIO,  ISBN 978-0-313-36509-6.
Riddell, Fern (2018), Death in Ten Minutes: The forgotten life of radical suffragette Kitty Marion, Hodder & Stoughton, ISBN 978-1473666184.== Sovereign states ==

A
Aceh - Sultanate of Aceh
 Ahom - Ahom Kingdom
 Algiers - Sultanate of Algiers
 Andorra - Principality of Andorra
 Ankole - Kingdom of Ankole
 Anziku - Anziku Kingdom
 Aragon - Kingdom of Aragon
 Arakan - Kingdom of Arakan
 Asahan - Sultanate of Asahan
 Ayutthaya - Kingdom of Ayutthaya

B
Bacan - Sultanate of Bacan
 Badakhshan - Khanate of Badakhshan
 Badung - Kingdom of Badung
 Bamberg - Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg
 Bamoun - Bamoun Sultanate
 Bangkalan - State of Bangkalan
 Banjarmasin - Sultantate of Banjarmasin
 Banten - Sultanate of Banten
 Basel - Prince-Bishopric of Basel
 Bemba - Bemba Kingdom
 Benin - Benin Empire
 Bhadgaon - Kingdom of Bhadgaon
 Bhutan - Bhutan
 Bijapur - Bijapur Sultanate
 Bijayapur - Bijayapur Kingdom
 Bila - Bila Sultanate
 Bima - Sultanate of Bima
 Bone - Sultanate of Bone
 Brunei - Sultanate of Brunei
 Buganda - Kingdom of Buganda
 Bukhara - Khanate of Bukhara
 Buleleng - Kingdom of Buleleng
 Bunyoro - Kingdom of Bunyoro-Kitara
 Burma - Kingdom of Burma
 Burundi - Kingdom of Burundi
 Buton - Sultanate of Buton
 Butua - Kingdom of Butua

C
Cambodia - Kingdom of Cambodia
 Catalonia - Principality of Catalonia
 China - Great Qing Empire
 Chitradurga - Chitradurga Nayak Kingdom
 Chitral - Kingdom of Chitral under the Katoor Dynasty
 Cianjur - State of Cianjur
 Cirebon - Sultanate of Cirebon
 Cospaia - Republic of Cospaia
 Cossack Hetmanate - Zaporizhian Host
 Crimea - Crimean Khanate

D
Dahomey - Kingdom of Dahomey
 Dauro - Kingdom of Dauro
 Dendi - Kingdom of Dendi
 Denmark - Kingdom of Denmark and Norway
 Dutch Republic - Republic of the Seven United Netherlands

E
England, Scotland and Ireland - Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland (to May 8)
 Ennarea - Kingdom of Ennarea
 Ethiopia - Empire of Ethiopia

F
France - Kingdom of France

G
Garo - Kingdom of Garo
 Genoa - Most Serene Republic of Genoa
 Gianyar - Kingdom of Gianyar
 Golconda - Golconda Sultanate
 Gorkha - Kingdom of Gorkha
 Gowa - Sultanate of Gowa
 Great Britain/Union of Crowns (from May 8)

H
Harar - Sultanate of Harar
 Holy Roman Empire - Holy Roman Empire
 Hungary - Kingdom of Hungary
 Hunza - Principality of Hunza

I
Imereti - Kingdom of Imereti
 Ireland - Kingdom of Ireland (from May 8)
 Itza - Kingdom of the Itza Maya

J
Jambi - State of Jambi
 Janjero - Kingdom of Janjero
 Japan - Tokugawa shogunate
 Jaxa
 Jimma - Kingdom of Jimma
 Johor-Riau - Sultanate of Johor-Riau

K
Kaffa - Kingdom of Kaffa
 Kakheti - Kingdom of Kakheti
 Kalat - Khanate of Kalat
 Kampong Raja - Sultanate of Kampong Raja
 Karagwe - Kingdom of Karagwe
 Kartli - Kingdom of Kartli
 Kashgar - Khanate of Kashgar
 Kathmandu - Kingdom of Kathmandu
 Kazakh Khanate - Kazakh Khanate
 Kedah - Negeri Kedah Darul Aman (to September)
 Keladi - Keladi Nayaka Kingdom
 Khiva - Khanate of Khiva
 Klungkung - Kingdom of Klungkung
 Kongo - Kingdom of Kongo
 Konta - Kingdom of Konta
 Korea - Kingdom of Joseon
 Kota Pinang - Sultanate of Kota Pinang

L
Ladakh - Kingdom of Ladakh
 Lan Xang - Kingdom of Lan Xang
 Landak - State of Landak
 Limbangan - State of Limbangan (from 1660)
 Loango - Kingdom of Loango
 Luba - Luba Empire
 Lucca - Republic of Lucca
 Lunda - Lunda Kingdom
 Luwu - Kingdom of Luwu

M
Madurai - Madurai Nayak Kingdom
 Mainz - Archbishopric of Mainz
 Majeerteen - Sultanate of Majeerteen
 Malta - Order of Saint John
 Mandara - Mandara Kingdom
 Mantua - Duchy of Mantua
 Mataram - Mataram Sultanate
 Milan - Duchy of Milan
 Minangkabau - Minangkabau Kingdom
 Mindanao - Sultanate of Maguindanao
 Mingrelia - Principality of Mingrelia
 Modena - Duchy of Modena and Reggio
 Mogadishu - Sultanate of Mogadishu
 Moldavia - Principality of Moldavia
 Mongolia - Mongolian Empire
 Morocco - Sultanate of Morocco
 Mrauk U - Kingdom of Mrauk U
 Mughal Empire - Mughal Empire
 Muscat - Sultanate of Muscat
 Mustang - Kingdom of Mustang
Mutapa - Kingdom of Mutapa
 Mysore - Kingdom of Mysore

N
Nagar - Principality of Nagar
 Naning - State of Naning
 Naples -  Kingdom of Naples
 Norway - Kingdom of Norway (Province of Denmark, nominally in personal union)

O
Ottoman Empire - Ottoman Empire
 Oyo - Oyo Empire

P
Pahang - Negeri Pahang Darul Makmur
 Palembang - Sultanate of Palembang Darussalam
 Papal States - States of the Church
 Papekat - Sultanate of Papekat (from 1660)
 Parma - Duchy of Parma and Piacenza
 Passau - Bishopric of Passau
 Patan - Kingdom of Patan
 Pattani Kingdom - Sultanate of Pattani and Kelantan
 Perak - Negeri Perak Darur Ridzwan
 Persia - Persian Empire
 Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
 Portugal - Kingdom of Portugal
 Prussia - Duchy of Prussia

R
Ragusa - Republic of Ragusa
 Rapa Nui - Kingdom of Rapa Nui
 Rembau - State of Rembau
 Russia - Tsardom of Russia
 Rwanda - Kingdom of Rwanda

S
Sambas - Sultanate of Sambas
 Salé - Republic of Salé
 Samoa - Kingdom of Samoa
 San Marino - Most Serene Republic of San Marino
 Sanggau - Sultanate of Sanggau
 Sardinia - Kingdom of Sardinia
 Savoy - Duchy of Savoy
 Sekadau - Sultanate of Sekadau
 Selambau - State of Selambau
 Sheka - Kingdom of Sheka
 Sicily - Kingdom of Sicily
  Sikkim - Kingdom of Sikkim
 Soppeng - Kingdom of Soppeng
 Southern Ming - Great Ming Empire
 Spain - Kingdom of Spain
 Stavelot-Malmedy - Imperial Abbey of Stavelot and Malmedy
 Sukapura - State of Sukapura
 Sukadana - Sultanate of Sukadana
 Sulu - Sultanate of Sulu
 Sumbawa - Sultanate of Sumbawa
 Sumedang - State of Sumedang
 Sumenep - State of Sumenep
 Sweden - Kingdom of Sweden
 Switzerland - Swiss Confederacy

T
Tallo - Sultanate of Tallo
 Tanette - State of Tanette
 Ternate - Sultanate of Ternate
 Thanjavur - Thanjavur Nayak Kingdom
 Tibet - Kingdom of Tibet
 Tidore - Sultanate of Tidore
 Tonga - Tu'i Tonga
 Tonkin - Great Viet Realm
 Transylvania - Principality of Transylvania
 Tuggurt - Sultanate of Tuggurt
 Turpan - Khanate of Turpan
 Tuscany - Grand Duchy of Tuscany

V
Valencia - Kingdom of Valencia
 Venice - Most Serene Republic of Venice
 Viet Nam (Dai Viet) - Later Le Dynasty

W
Wajo - State of Wajo
 Wallachia - Principality of Wallachia
 Welayta - Kingdom of Welayta

Non-sovereign territories
England
 English America


== Notes ==Charles C. Butler (February 6, 1865–November 16, 1946) was an attorney who began practicing law in 1891. Within one year he became a deputy district attorney and then was a district court judge. He served as a justice and the chief justice in the Colorado Supreme Court. Butler served as president of the Teller County and Denver Bar Associations and was vice president of the Colorado Bar Association.

Early life and education
Charles Cicero Butler was born on February 6, 1865 to Washington Irving and Henrietta Comstock Butler in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. His father, born in New York, was a lawyer who lived in New York and Wisconsin. In 1868, he moved to New York City and practiced law until his death in 1885. His mother was born in Ohio. Butler was an only child. He worked in a bank. In 1887, he traveled to Gilpin County, Colorado where he worked as a miner. He then moved to Denver, where he studied law under Robert Collier.He graduated from the University of Michigan Law School with a Bachelor of Laws (LLB) degree in 1891. He was a member of the Phi Delta Phi fraternity. The same year, he was admitted to the bar in Colorado. He received an honorary Doctor of Law LLD from the University of Denver in 1925. He also received a degree from the University of Colorado.

Career
In 1892, Butler was made a deputy district attorney for the Colorado district courts. He moved to Cripple Creek in 1895 and was appointed deputy district attorney in 1904. He was deputy district attorney in Teller and Arapahoe Counties. In 1908, he moved to Denver, and he practiced law there until 1912. He specialized in mining law.Butler was elected judge of the Denver district court in 1912, 1918, and 1924, serving from 1913 to 1927. Butler, a Republican, served on the Executive Committee and was the Chairman of the Administration of Criminal Justice Committee. While running for District Judge in 1924, he qualified as both a Republican and a Democratic candidate.He was a Justice of the Colorado Supreme Court from 1926 to 1936, serving as Chief Justice from 1935 to 1936. He was again a deputy district attorney in 1937 and 1938, and he retired in 1938.He was a member of the Teller County Bar Association and was the president of the organization for two terms. He was a member of the Denver Bar Association and was the president of the organization in 1925. He was the first vice president of the Colorado Bar Association and served two terms as its president. He was a member of the American Bar Association and the American Judicature Society. He was also a member of the Masonic Temple. He had an office in the Colorado State Capitol Building in Denver.

Personal life
He married Emma Allen on June 5, 1901 in Cripple Creek. She was the daughter of Rhodes Allen who settled in Sherman County, Kansas. The Butlers had three children Opal Virginia, Leonard B. (born 1901), and Allen G. Butler (born 1908).He suffered a stroke and died on November 16, 1946 at St. Joseph Hospital in Denver. He was 81 years of age. He was buried at the Fairmount Cemetery in Denver, Colorado.

Notes
References
External links
Charles C. Butler at Find a Grave
From C. C. Butler's 1138 Downing Ave. [sic Denver], Denver Public LibraryCarmen Ryheul (born 13 April, 1971) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Flemish Parliament for the Vlaams Belang party.
Ryheul was born in Lubumbashi in the Democratic Republic of Congo (at the time called Élisabethville) in 1971. She worked for a travel agency and then as an event organizer prior to entering politics. Ryheul was elected as a councilor for Vlaams Belang in Kortrijk where she also serves on the party's board. In May 2019, she was elected to the Flemish Parliament for the VB. In the Flemish parliament, she serves on the committee for Environment, Nature, Spatial Planning and Energy.


The Hietzinger Synagogue (German: Hietzinger Synagoge) was a synagogue in the Hietzing district of Vienna, Austria. It was destroyed during the Reichskristallnacht in November 1938.

References
Bob Martens, Herbert Peter: "The Destroyed Synagogues of Vienna - Virtual city walks". Vienna: LIT Verlag, 2011.The Wedell-Williams Model 22 was a racing aircraft, two examples of which were built in the United States in the early 1930s by the Wedell-Williams Air Service Corporation. It was one of three early projects by aircraft designer Jimmy Wedell to create a racer and was built specifically to compete in the 1930 All-American Flying Derby from Buffalo to Detroit. It was a braced, low-wing monoplane originally powered by an inline Cirrus engine and equipped with fixed landing gear in large spats.
A replica Model 22 is on display at the Louisiana State Museum, Patterson, Louisiana.

Design and development
Experienced air-racer Wedell formed a business partnership in 1929 with millionaire Harry P. Williams after giving him flying lessons. Initial plans were to teach flying, provide an aerial photography service and win an airmail contract. Wedell's passion for air-racing led him to convince Williams to build a racer for the January, 1930 Miami Air Races.
This first aircraft was named "We-Will" but as development and testing continued it became apparent it would not be ready for the 1930 Miami event. Wedell halted development of the "We-Will" design and began two new aircraft, the "We-Winc" and the "We-Will Jr".Of these two aircraft, the We-Will Jr would eventually evolve into the "Model 22". It was designed to compete in the American Cirrus Engine Company's "All-American Flying Derby". The only requirement was one of the Cirrus aircraft engines be used in the competing racer. Williams chose the supercharged 110 hp Hi-Drive engine which was a popular choice of racers at the time. Gross weight was 1,660 lbs and it could carry 54 gallons of gasoline.

Operational history
The race began at Detroit, Michigan on July 21, 1930 and was a 5,500 mile cross country endurance race that would end back in Detroit. The hazardous nature of the journey and level of technology at the time challenged the participants and their machines to the utmost. Wedell, piloting the NR10337 and sporting the race number 17, was in contention for first place all the way to the stop at Houston. After this mechanical trouble hampered his efforts and reduced his finish to eighth place.The NR10337 was next entered in the 1930 National Air Races in Chicago. With the underpowered Cirrus Hi-Drive the performance of the craft was disappointing. Wedell flew in the 350cu free-for-all, finishing third and in the 450cu free-for-all finishing fifth.
Wedell turned his attention to the larger We-Will and We-Willc, with the NR10337 languishing until 1932. In order to compete in the lower power classes, the aircraft was substantially rebuilt. The fuselage was shortened from the wing root aft, the wings were shortened while the Cirrus engine was retained.  A Hamilton Standard ground adjustable propeller was fitted for the first time to the Cirrus. The cockpit and cowling were redesigned to be more aerodynamic. Aerodynamic wheel "pants" and "spats" made its first appearance on a Wedell-Williams design, a feature that would be an icon of its larger, more successful cousins. The aircraft was re-registered as NR60Y and was officially designated "Model 22". In this configuration the NR60Y competed in smaller races throughout the south during 1932.
In preparation for the 1933 Los Angeles National Air Races, the NR60Y's Cirrus engine was replaced with a Menasco B6 Buccaneer air-cooled engine. Given race number 54, it was entered in the Shell Speed Dash 550cu race and piloted by W.A. McDonald. In the preliminary events, the Menasco proved troublesome and performance was disappointing. While taxiing, the Menasco engine backfired and ignited the fabric fuselage. The engine was removed from the frame and later installed in the NR64Y. The frame was placed in storage at the Western Airways hangar in Los Angeles until 1934 when Dave Elmendorf purchased it.1933 brought more development on the Model 22. A second aircraft, NR64Y, was begun in cooperation with the Delgato Trade School in New Orleans. Construction of this aircraft was overseen by a senior mechanic E.D. Dennis. The entire rear fuselage was covered mainly with plywood utilizing a Delgato design. Not ready in time for the 1933 Nationals, NR64Y was trucked to Chicago for the 1933 International Air Races. After a brief test flight on September 1, the aircraft proved to be underpowered with the Menasco B6. Wedell entered one event but retired after a single lap. Testing continued briefly on February 5, 1934, but Wedell decided that further testing of the NR64Y was not warranted and donated the aircraft to Louisiana State University where it was eventually scrapped.
In 1934, Elmendorf began reconstruction of his Model 22. Al Novotny, a former Wedell-Williams employee was hired for the work. A Menasco B6 was fitted to the airframe. Elmendorf flew the NR60Y from Los Angeles to Cleveland for the 1935 National Air Races. He entered the 549cu race as number 22 and qualified fourth but finished a disappointing seventh. In 1936, Elmendorf sold NR60Y and it is presumed the airframe was scrapped.

Specifications (Model 22 NR60Y)
General characteristics

Crew: One pilot
Length: 18 ft 0 in (5.49 m)
Wingspan: 20 ft 0 in (6.1 m)
Height: 6 ft 5 in (1.96 m)
Powerplant: 1 × Menasco B6 Buccaneer , 160 hp (119.3 kW)   at 1,975 RPM max; 120 hp (89.48 kW) at 1,800 RPM cruisePerformance

Maximum speed: 180 mph (289.7 km/h, 160 kn)

See also
Related development
Wedell-Williams Model 44 -
Wedell-Williams Model 45 -
Wedell-Williams XP-34

References
Notes
Bibliography

External links
Photos of the Model 44, Louisiana State MuseumGiuseppe Levati (1739–1828)  was an Italian painter and designer of the late-Baroque and Neoclassicism period.
He was born at Concorezzo, near Milan. After initially working as a decorator, he specialized as an architectural landscape painter, attracted especially the perspectives of Bárbaro and Giampietro Zanotti. In 1802 he was elected director of the school of perspective at Milan. He executed architectural subjects and landscapes (vedute). He helped decorate the house of the Marquis Litta at Lainate; the residence of Count Borromeo, the archducal palace at Milan, and the palace at Monza. One of his pupils was Francesco Durelli.

References
Bryan, Michael (1889).  Walter Armstrong & Robert Edmund Graves (ed.). Dictionary of Painters and Engravers, Biographical and Critical (Volume II L-Z). York St. #4, Covent Garden, London; Original from Fogg Library, Digitized May 18, 2007: George Bell and Sons. p. 50.{{cite book}}:  CS1 maint: location (link)Jawahar LPS Kurakkodu is a lower primary School in Kerala, India. Jawahar LPS Kurakkodu was established as a Malayalam school in June 1976. The first Headmistress  of the School was Mrs. G.Thilaka Teacher.
The school started with 60 students and 5 staff. It is situated in a 2-acre (8,100 m2) plot in a quiet and serene atmosphere with a nice hill view. The admissions have been open to all without discrimination of religion, caste status in society.

Location
Jawahar LPS Kurakkodu is a lower primary School in Kollam (Old Name-Quilon) District, Taluk - Kottarakkara, Village - Chithara, Bock- Chadayamangalam and in Chithara Panchayathu. The nearest Town is Madathara. Post office is Kollayil.
Coordinates 8°48'3"N   76°59'25"E

Pre-primary education
Kurakkodu is a small agricultural village located in Kollam District, Kerala, just 12 kilometers away from the MC road. The village is known for its spice and rice production. .

Library
JLPS kurakkodu has a collection of children's books.

DPEP program
A centrally sponsored scheme, DPEP is a program seeking to reconstruct primary education as a whole in selected educationally backward districts. Its emphasis is on decentralized planning and management as well as community participation. The program was introduced in the Jawahar LPS in December 1994.the SSA programme and other works of teacher  are developed by the school now 250 students and 12 teachers in this school

The Midday Meal scheme
Midday Meal Scheme is the name for the school meal program in Kerala. From the very first day of school, Jawahar LPS kurakkodu provides a midday meal to school-children on all working days. The key objectives of the Midday Meal Program are protecting children from classroom hunger, increasing school enrolment and attendance, and improved socialization among children belonging to all castes, and addressing malnutrition.

External links
[1] Wikimapia linkIn human anatomy, the artery of Adamkiewicz (also arteria radicularis magna) is the largest anterior segmental medullary artery. It typically arises from a left posterior intercostal artery at the level of the 9th to 12th intercostal artery, which branches from the aorta, and supplies the lower two-thirds of the spinal cord via the anterior spinal artery.The artery is named after Albert Wojciech Adamkiewicz (August 11, 1850 – October 31, 1921), a Polish pathologist born in Żerków. It has several other names, including:

Adamkiewicz artery
great radicular artery of Adamkiewicz
major anterior segmental medullary artery
artery of the lumbar enlargement
great anterior radiculomedullary artery
great anterior segmental medullary artery

Structure
The blood supply of the spinal cord is complex and highly variable.
In a study of approximately 70 people that examined the spinal cord's blood supply it was found that:
The Adamkiewicz artery sometimes arises from a lumbar vessel.
In approximately 30% of people it arises from the right side.
One quarter of people have two large anterior segmental medullary arteries.In 75% of people, the artery of Adamkiewicz originates on the left side of the aorta between the T8 and L1 vertebral segments.In an extensive literature review, recognition of the AKA using CT and/or MR was achieved in 466 of 555 cases (83.96%) and in 384 (83.3%) cases the AKA originated from a left intercostal artery.

Clinical significance
"Great radicular artery of Adamkiewicz… provides the major blood supply to the lumbar and sacral cord."When damaged or obstructed, it can result in a syndrome of spinal cord ischemia, similar to anterior spinal artery syndrome, with loss of urinary and fecal continence and impaired motor function of the legs; sensory function is often preserved to a degree.
It is important to identify the location of the artery when surgically treating an aortic aneurysm to prevent damage which would result in insufficient blood supply to the spinal cord. In bronchial artery embolization for treatment of massive hemoptysis, one of the most serious complications is inadvertent occlusion of the artery of Adamkiewicz. Its location can be identified with computed tomographic angiography.

History
It is named for Albert Wojciech Adamkiewicz.

References
External links
00642 at CHORUSA video showing the Adamkiewicz artery can be seen here: AKA finding using OsiriXRoy Frederick Young (20 October 1934 – 27 April 2018) was a British rock and roll singer, pianist and keyboard player.  He first recorded in the late 1950s before performing in Hamburg with the Beatles.  After a stint with Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers, he released several albums with his own band as well as recording with Chuck Berry and David Bowie, among others.

Biography
Young was born in Poplar, East London and moved with his family to Oxford at the age of seven.  He learned to play boogie-woogie piano at home and in snooker clubs, left school at age 14, and joined the Merchant Navy.  While in Australia, he saw the film Blackboard Jungle, and, after returning to England, began a career as a professional singer and musician.In 1958 he auditioned successfully for Jack Good's TV show Oh Boy!, singing and playing piano in the style of Little Richard, and performed regularly on other British TV pop music shows including Drumbeat, where he was backed by the John Barry Seven, and Boy Meets Girls.  Billed as Roy "Rock 'em" Young, he recorded his first single, "Just Keep It Up" / "Big Fat Mama" in 1959 for Fontana Records.  He released several more singles on the Fontana and Ember labels over the next two years, but they were not commercial successes.  Young performed at the 2i's Coffee Bar in Soho, and toured the UK and Ireland with Cliff Richard and the Shadows, among others.In 1961, he began working at the Top Ten Club in Hamburg, where he played with Tony Sheridan and the Beat Brothers, who briefly included Ringo Starr, and recorded with Sheridan.  He then won a contract to play at the rival Star-Club, where he met the Beatles, and began performing with them in spring 1962.  According to Young, Brian Epstein offered him a place in the group once they had returned to England and signed a record contract, but Young turned down the offer because he had a contract with the Star-Club.Young returned to England in 1964 and joined Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers – also managed by Epstein – as their keyboard player and second vocalist, regularly duetting with Bennett on covers of Sam and Dave songs, including "I Take What I Want" and "Hold On, I'm Comin'". The group toured with the Beatles in 1966, and Young featured on their hit version of the Beatles' "Got To Get You Into My Life", produced by Paul McCartney. He continued with the Rebel Rousers until they split up in 1969, and then formed the Roy Young Band, who released two albums, The Roy Young Band (1971) and Mr. Funky (1972); band members included Dennis Elliott, later of Foreigner and Onnie McIntyre, later of the Average White Band.  The band backed Chuck Berry on tour. in 1971, under his own name, Young recorded the song "Baby, You're Good For Me," written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice, for the Albert Finney film, Gumshoe.In 1976, Young recorded with David Bowie for the album Low, which was released the following year.  He continued to perform with the Roy Young Band in Canada and the US, and also worked with, and managed, Long John Baldry in the 1970s.  He toured the US in the 1980s with Ian Hunter and Mick Ronson,  and also performed at Star-Club reunion concerts with Tony Sheridan, Howie Casey, Johnny Gustafson and Jimi MagnoleHe released an album, Still Young, in 2006, featuring songs written by Dennis Morgan.Young died at the age of 83 in Oxford on 27 April 2018.

Discography
1962: My Bonnie, LP by Tony Sheridan with The Beat Brothers. Young plays prominently throughout this album but does not play on the two Beatle tracks.
1963: Twist At The Star Club Hamburg  a live album of "The Star Combo", Young sings and plays on three songs ("Rip It Up", "Keep A-Knocking", and "Margie" and plays on the instrumental "C-Jam Twist"). He also plays on Tony Sheridan's two tracks, "Skinny Minny" and "What'd I Say" (Sheridan is listed under the pseudonym "Dan Sherry"). The Star Combo consisted of Tony Sheridan, Roy Young, Colin "Melander" Crawley, Ricky Barnes and Johnny Watson. There are songs by four other groups on this LP.
1964: Ain't She Sweet, LP (side 1) “Sweet Georgia Brown” recorded with the Beatles in 1962. This song appears also, that same year, on the German album The Beatles' First ! and reissued worldwide in the following years.
1966: Meet The Beat (two versions, on 10" and 12" & CD, but with different tracks, sharing only two songs. The 12" features 1966 recordings (with "The Big Six") of "Jailhouse Rock", "Fever", and "Shake, Rattle and Roll")
1971: The Roy Young Band, includes Howie Casey.
1972: Mr. Funky
1996: Tony Sheridan & The Beat Brothers Live And Dangerous (also released as Rock Masters: Feel It). Recordings of "Good Golly Miss Molly" and others. On some of these 1995 live recordings the lead vocal was by Roy Young
1996 & 2001: Sheridan In Control (also released as Fab Four Collection) "with The Beat Brothers- Roy Young, Howie Casey" – 1995 recordings of "Johnny B. Goode", "Money", "My Bonnie", "Skinny Minnie"
2006: Still Young

References
External links
Roy Young at Discogs.comWinterborne Came is a small dispersed settlement and civil parish in the county of Dorset in England, situated in the west of the county, approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south-east of the county town Dorchester. Dorset County Council's 2013 mid-year estimate of the parish population was 40.Winterborne Came derives its name from the seasonal stream ('winterborne') by which it is sited, and from the town of Caen in France, as it was once owned by the Abbey of St. Stephen there. The parish consists of Came House, built in 1754 in the Palladian style, the nearby Perpendicular St. Peter's Church, a couple of farms, and an old rectory on the Dorchester to Wareham road, where for 25 years the Dorset dialect poet William Barnes lived when he was the incumbent rector. Barnes died in the rectory and is buried in the churchyard. About 100 metres west of the church is the site of the deserted village of Winterborne Farringdon, which has been depopulated since at least the 18th century.


Carson Coffman (born  April 29, 1988) is a former professional football quarterback. Coffman was the starting quarterback for the Kansas State Wildcats in 2009 and 2010.  He took over the starting position after the departure of Josh Freeman, and again after the departure of Grant Gregory. He is the brother of Cameron Coffman, a 2011 high school quarterback prospect and Chase Coffman, former Missouri standout who formerly played tight end for the Seattle Seahawks and several other NFL teams. Carson is also the son of former Kansas State standout and NFL tight end Paul Coffman.

College career
Freshman (redshirt) (2006)
Coffman redshirted the 2006 season.

Junior (2009)
Coffman assumed the role of starting quarterback after Josh Freeman left one year early for the NFL Draft. Coffman struggled early in the 2009 season and eventually lost his starting role to Grant Gregory.  He ended the season with 863 passing yards, 2 touchdowns and 4 interceptions (QB rating of 121.4).  Though he was not the starting quarterback, he was still respected by his teammates and voted a team captain and player representative.

Senior (2010)
Coffman once again took over the role of starting quarterback after Grant Gregory exhausted his eligibility.  He beat out competition from Collin Klein and Sammy Lammur. For the second year in a row, he had a tremendous Spring Game, and was voted as a team captain and player representative for the second consecutive season. Coffman threw for 2,060 yards with 14 touchdowns compared to only 7 interceptions (quarterback rating of 143.1). Scout.com also ranked him as the #359 quarterback available in the 2011 NFL draft. Coffman will be remembered for his effort in the 2011 Sunflower Showdown where he had a quarterback rating of 231.6, leading the Wildcats to a 59–7 victory against the Kansas Jayhawks.  He also led the team to the 2010 Pinstripe Bowl.

College career statistics
Professional career
Coffman was rated the 26th best quarterback in the 2011 NFL Draft by NFLDraftScout.com.

Utah Blaze
For the 2012 season, Coffman served as the backup quarterback for the Arena Football League's Utah Blaze, serving as the backup behind league MVP Tommy Grady.  Coffman completed 3 of 10 passes for 29 yards, no touchdowns, and one interception.

Kansas City Renegades
For the 2013 season, Coffman signed with the Kansas City Renegades of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.

Chicago Rush
Coffman signed with the Chicago Rush for the 2013 season.

Iowa Barnstormers
On September 10, 2013, Coffman was acquired in a dispersal draft by the Iowa Barnstormers. The Barnstormers traded J. J. Raterink to the Los Angeles Kiss to move up in the draft to acquire Coffman.

Spokane Shock
On January 6, 2015, Coffman was assigned to the Spokane Shock. With former Shock quarterback Erik Meyer leaving for the San Jose SaberCats, Coffman had to battle, and eventually beat Warren Smith, for the Shock's starting quarterback position.

AFL statistics
Stats from ArenaFan:


Husam Kamal (Arabic:حسام كمال) (born 25 January 1996) is a Qatari footballer. He currently plays for Qatar.

Club
Al-SaddQatar Cup: 2021

External links
Husam Kamal at Soccerway


My Story (Stylized as MY STORY) is the sixth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ayumi Hamasaki, released on December 15, 2004 by avex trax. The album's lyrics were written in their entirety by Hamasaki herself, with composition on the album handled by a team of composers including Kazuhito Kikuchi, Bounceback, Tetsuya Yukumi, and, on some songs, Hamasaki, under the pen name CREA.
By the end of her 2004 arena tour, Hamasaki became dissatisfied with her position at Avex. She felt that the company was treating her as a product rather than a human being and artist. After her two previous efforts, I am… and RAINBOW, which she felt had been rushed, Hamasaki decided that on her next record she would not write to "give people hope" or write "something good"; instead, she simply wrote "freely and honestly" with no set theme. These writing sessions resulted in autobiographical lyrics, exploring Hamasaki's own emotions and reminisces about her career. The music of MY STORY reflects the free theme of the lyrics; its noticeable rock overtones expressed Hamasaki's liking for rock music. Pleased with its sound, Hamasaki declared that My Story was the first album of her career with which she felt truly satisfied.
Lead single "Moments" was released on March 31, 2004 to positive reviews from critics, who praised its rock influences. It was a commercial success too, debuting at number one, selling over 300,000 copies, and receiving a platinum certification. The second single, "Inspire", was successful as well, reaching number one and being certified platinum; it sold over 329,000 units, becoming the highest-selling single from My Story. Similarly, "Carols" topped the charts in Japan and was certified Platinum.
My Story was positively received by critics, who appreciated its aggressive style compared to Western pop music at the time, and its alternative sound. A commercial success, it became Hamasaki's sixth consecutive number-one album in Japan, debuting at the top spot with first week sales of 574,321 copies. In its 43-week chart run, My Story sold 1,132,444 copies and became the seventh best-selling album of the year in Japan. Combined with the sales of its three singles, My Story sold 2,073,640 copies and is the 222nd best-selling album in Japan of all time, this is will be the final album of Ayumi's to hit over a million sales.

Promotion
The album includes the three singles: "Moments", "Inspire", and "Carols". During its first release, four different limited edition covers were released for fans to choose from. There were also two versions released, the first that included the CD only and a second that included a DVD that contained music videos to some (including the singles) of the tracks from the album. For promotional purposes, Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2005 A: My Story was scheduled from January to April. During the concert tour, My Story was released again in two more formats, SACD and in DVD Audio. All of the lyrics on the album were written by Hamasaki and three of the tracks, "Wonderland", "Winding Road" and "Humming 7/4", were composed by her under the pen name "Crea". It topped the Oricon charts for several weeks (the Japanese equivalent of Billboard). It is currently certified four times platinum in Japan. My Story is the 222nd best-selling album in Japan to date.Since the single "Moments", her singles have been released in at least two versions, CD and CD+DVD format. "Carols" featured four versions of the single: CD, CD+DVD, SACD, and DVD Audio.

Track listing
All lyrics are written by Ayumi Hamasaki.

My Story Classical
My Story Classical is a compilation with classical versions of the songs from Ayumi Hamasaki's album My Story. My Story Classical was released on March 24, 2005. Most of the tracks were recorded with the Lamoureux Orchestra of France.

Oricon charts
Album
Total Sales :  1,200,000 (Japan)
Total Sales :  1,420,000 (Avex)

Singles
Total single sales: 1,135,000
Total album and single sales: 2,335,000

Release history
Notes


Prof. Dr Hab. Krystyna Chojnicka (born 1951) is a Polish lawyer and political scientist.
She finished her law degree and a PhD in political science at Jagiellonian University.
In 2008, Chojnicka was voted as the dean of the Faculty of Law and Administration at Jagiellonian University.

Works
Osoba i dzieło Piotra Wielkiego w dziewiętnastowiecznych sporach doktrynalnych o miejsce i przyszłość Rosji w Europie (1988)
Rodowód literacki inteligencji rosyjskiej (1992)
Nauczanie społeczne Kościoła od Leona XIII do Piusa XII (1993)
Narodziny rosyjskiej doktryny państwowej: Zoe Paleolog - między Bizancjum, Rzymem a Moskwą (2001)
Nauka społeczna Kościoła Katolickiego (zarys historii) (2001)

Footnotes
References
"Krystyna Chojnicka - notka biograficzna" (in Polish). Wyższa Szkoła Informatyki i Zarządzania z siedzibą w Rzeszowie. Retrieved August 17, 2008.Fine Spinners and Doublers was a major cotton spinning business based in Manchester, England. At its peak it was a constituent of the FT 30 index of leading companies on the London Stock Exchange.

History
Formation
Fine Spinners and Doublers, formed from a group of spinning companies specialising in fine Sea Island Cottons, was registered on 31 March 1898. The Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Limited had the objective of promoting the interests of cotton spinners in  North West England. It was founded through the efforts of Herbert Dixon and Scott Lings in 1897. Businesses that joined in this enterprise at the time included A&G Murray Ltd, Houldsworths, CE Bennett & Co, James & Wainwright Bellhouse and McConnell & Co; but many more followed in subsequent years.The new association was vast compared with its competitors and its large size enabled it to secure its supplies of cotton from the Sea Island and Egypt.
For thirty years it was the world's largest cotton-spinning concern, expanding to operate 60 mills and employ 30,000 operatives.

First World War
In 1915, its vice-president, McConnel was on the RMS Lusitania when she was sunk by enemy action. He survived and wrote an account of the sinking which was published in the Manchester Guardian.

Contraction
In 1938 Lancashire Cotton Corporation replaced Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers in the FT 30 as the latter completed a capital reduction and reorganisation programme.On 16 June 1940 production was stepped up order of Lord Beaverbrook. Sunday working and double shifts were introduced in a plan to quadruple production in order to manufacture defensive barrage balloons. At peak of production 10 mills were used to output 91,000 kilograms (200,000 lb) of fine super-combed yarn a week; that is 50% of the industry total. Fine super-combed yarn was needed for parachutes and camouflage netting. It was also used for constructing pneumatic heavy lifting gear and inflatable decoy artillery.In 1946 the name of the business was changed to Fine Spinners' and Doublers' Limited. There were 62 firms making up the Association. It owned 107 spinning and doubling mills, a pilot production plant, a weaving mill, a mercerising plant a large research establishment and a 16,000 hectares (39,000 acres) cotton plantation. During the next five years there was a sustained boom in the textile industry owing to the worldwide shortage of cotton goods. Yarn production increased by 50 percent but output contracted by 28 percent; the Lancashire industry had collapsed.

Closure
Fine Spinners and Doublers was acquired by Courtaulds in 1963.

References
Notes

Bibliography

Miller, Ian; Wild, Chris (2007), A & G Murray and the Cotton Mills of Ancoats, Lancaster Imprints, ISBN 978-0-904220-46-9
Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association (1947).  Richard Potts and Partners Ltd (ed.). Behind the Distaff: An account of the activities of Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Limited. London, EC4: Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Limited.{{cite book}}:  CS1 maint: location (link)

External links
David Bellhouse and Sons, Manchester.(2000)
Documents and clippings about Fine Spinners and Doublers in the 20th Century Press Archives of the ZBWThesiger is a surname, and may refer to:

Alfred Henry Thesiger (1838–1880), British jurist
Ernest Thesiger (1879–1961), English stage and film actor
Eric Thesiger (1874–1961), British soldier and Page of Honour to Queen Victoria
Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford (1794–1878), English jurist and politician
Frederic Thesiger, 2nd Baron Chelmsford (1827–1905), 2nd Baron Chelmsford; British general
Frederic Thesiger, 1st Viscount Chelmsford (1868–1933), British statesman; Viceroy of India
George Thesiger (1868–1915), senior officer in the British Army
Gerald Thesiger (1902–1981), judge of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of England and Wales
Wilfred Gilbert Thesiger (1871-1920), British officer and diplomat
Wilfred Thesiger (1910–2003), British explorer and travel writer

See also
Thesiger Bay, Northwest Territories, CanadaGokul is an Indian film director who works in Tamil cinema. He made his directional debut with the action drama Rowthiram, followed by an ensemble comedy Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara. After that, he directed the historical-horror film Kaashmora, starring Karthi in the lead role. His next was the action comedy Junga, featuring Vijay Sethupathi in the lead role. He then directed Anbirkiniyal, the tamil remake of Helen. Gokul is best known for directing interesting stories revolving around offbeat characters and also for handling multiple genres. He is currently working on Corona Kumar featuring Silambarasan, a spin-off of Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara.

Career
Gokul's maiden venture, Rowthiram, featured Jiiva and Shriya Saran in the lead roles. The movie earned praise for its cinematography and stunt choreography. Later, the movie was dubbed in Telugu as Roudram and in Hindi as Nirbhay The Fighter.
His second movie, Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, produced by Leo Visions, featured a huge cast including Vijay Sethupathi, Ashwin Kakumanu, Swathi Reddy, Nandita Swetha, Pasupathy, and Soori. The movie won accolades for its quirky dialogues and intervening plot line.
His third venture was the magnam-opus Kaashmora, with a high production cost starring Karthi and Nayanthara It featured Karthi in dual roles. 
His fourth film, Junga, had Vijay Sethupathi as the titular character. The film was praised for Vijay Sethupathi's acting.
After that he remade malayalam's critically acclaimed Helen in tamil titled Anbirkiniyal. He is currently working on Corona Kumar,  featuring Silambarasan, a spin-off of Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara. It is a comedy drama film set in corona times.

Filmography


The Southern Hills aquifer system is the primary source of public water in the northern ten parishes of southeastern Louisiana. The aquifer dips towards the Gulf of Mexico and  extends from the northern limit of the recharge region near Vicksburg, Mississippi, and as far south as the Baton Rouge area in south Louisiana. There are about thirteen aquifer units composing the system in the southern part of the area. The water is primarily a soft, sodium bicarbonate type with an dissolved-solids concentration of about 220 milligrams per liter in southern Louisiana. Groundwater use in 1980 for public supply averaged 121 million gallons per day, serving over 700,000 people in southern Louisiana. In southwestern Mississippi, where the aquifer system is also a major source of water, utilization for these categories in 1980 totaled million gallons per day, serving about 270,000 people.

References
External links

Southern Hills Aquifer System Updates
Chicot Equivalent (Southern Hills) Aquifer Sub-Unit Survey
Where does Baton Rouge get its drinking water?Planodes luctuosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1865.


The George B. Horton and Amanda Bradish Farmstead is a privately owned farmhouse that sits on 40 acres (16 ha) of land at 4650 West Horton Road in rural Fairfield Township in Lenawee County, Michigan.  It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 1, 2007.  There are several other buildings on the property, but the main farmhouse was built in 1888 in Queen Anne Style.

History
George B. Horton was born on April 17, 1845, in Lafayette, Ohio, the son of Samuel and Lucina Horton. The Horton family moved to Michigan in 1851, and established a farm located across the road from this present farmstead. Lucina Horton had knowledge of cheese-making, and the family began processing cheese in 1853, and by 1866 founded a cheese factory. George Horton worked on the farm, and when his father died in 1872, bought out his sisters and began farming the then 350-acre tract, which includes some of the acreage associated with the present homestead. Horton married Amanda Bradish in 1878, and continued to expand his holdings, acquiring 710 acres by the early 1890s.In about 1888, the couple constructed the large brick home on this farmstead, located across the road from his parents’ home. By the early 1900s, Horton owned over 1,400 acres of farmland and forest, spread over four farmsteads in the county, and in 1914 he owned seven cheese factories capable of producing 1.5 million pounds of cheese per year. George Horton died in 1922, and his children carried on his estate. His son Norman B. Horton moved into the house along with his mother Amanda. However, the holdings declined to only 80 acres in 1933, and Norman Horton committed suicide. The farm was sold multiple times afterward. Fred and Carolyn Holden purchased it in 1982, and sold it to Ed and Joann Allen in 2004.

Description
The George B. and Amanda Bradish Horton Farmstead consists of a c. 1888 Queen Anne residence along with a barn and shed, both constructed around 1900. The farmstead is set back from the road, and the immediate area of the farmstead encompassed about four acres.The house is a large 2+1⁄2-story brick structure with a central hipped roof and four cross gables. A turret is located at one corner of the house. Most of windows are one-over-one double-hung sash with concrete sills and brick hoods. The front contains a single-story hip-roof porch, wrapping around to one side. The porch is supported with square columns A second porch is located on the other side of the house. The front also has a gable with bay window and upper balconies.On the interior, the house has a central entry hall, with two parlors at the front and a stair leading upward. In the rear are a library and bath on one side, and a dining room and kitchen on the other. A casual sitting room completes the layout. On the second floor, there are four large bedrooms and two smaller bedrooms, originally designed for servants, as well as a bathroom and laundry room.


The Newport Independents Party (Welsh: Plaid Annibynwyr Casnewydd) is a small political party formed in 2017 to campaign in the city of Newport, Wales. The party won four council 
seats on Newport City Council in May 2017.
The Newport Independents Party was registered with the Electoral Commission in March 2017 by its founder, Councillor Kevin Whitehead. It aimed to break the "stale national party politics" in the city. The party fielded fifteen candidates in the May 2017 elections to Newport City Council and one candidate for Rogerstone Community Council.Four Newport Independents were elected to Newport City Council on 4 May 2017: Kevin Whitehead, Janet Cleverly and Jason Jordan won seats in the Bettws ward and one candidate - Chris Evans - was successful in Rogerstone.

References
External links
Official websiteSomeone to Run With (מישהו לרוץ איתו / Mishehu laruts ito, 2000) is a thriller novel by Israeli writer David Grossman. The English edition was published by London by Bloomsbury in 2003, ISBN 0-7475-6207-5.
The book has received several reviews in international press.The book was adapted into a film in 2006 of the same name.In 2019 the book was banned in Russia.


Ab Katan (Persian: اب كتان, also Romanized as Āb Katān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 18 families.


In June 2017, France played a three-test series against South Africa as part of the 2017 mid-year rugby union tests. They played the Springboks over the three-week June International window (5 June–25 June), and the matches were part of the fifth year of the global rugby calendar established by the World Rugby, which runs through to 2019. This was France' first visit to South Africa since 2010 and the first test series between the teams since 2005. The last time the sides met was during the 2013 end-of-year international, where South Africa won 19–10 in Paris.

Fixtures
Squads
Note: Ages, caps and clubs are as per 10 June 2017, the first test match of the tour.

France
On 27 May, France named a 35-man squad ahead of their three-test series against South Africa.On 29 May, Nans Ducuing was called up to the squad as an injury replacement for Djibril Camara.On 5 June, Paul Jedrasiak and François Trinh-Duc were called up to the squad as injury cover for Arthur Iturria and Camille Lopez.Coaching team:

Head coach:  Guy Novès
Defence coach:  Gerald Bastide
Backs coach:  Jean-Frederic Dubois
Forwards coach:  Yannick BruNote: Flags indicate national union for the club/province as defined by World Rugby.

South Africa
South Africa named a 31-man squad for South Africa's three-test series against France on 23 May 2017.Coaching team:

Head coach:  Allister Coetzee
Defence coach:  Brendan Venter
Backs coach:   Franco Smith
Forwards coach:  Johann van Graan

Matches
First test
Notes:

Andries Coetzee, Ross Cronjé, Dillyn Leyds, Raymond Rhule and Courtnall Skosan (all South Africa) and Mohamed Boughanmi and Vincent Rattez (both France) made their international debuts.

Second test
Notes:

Nans Ducuing and Damian Penaud (both France) made their international debuts. Penaud scored a try on his debut.
Elton Jantjies passed 100 international points.

Third test
Notes:

Ruan Dreyer (South Africa) made his international debut.
South African captain Warren Whiteley was declared as forfeit just before the kick-off.

See also
2017 mid-year rugby union internationals
History of rugby union matches between France and South Africa


Ascominuta is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes. The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown (incertae sedis). This is a monotypic genus, consisting of the single species Ascominuta lignicola.

See also
List of Dothideomycetes genera incertae sedis

References
External links
Index FungorumTerri Funk Sypolt (born December 14, 1953) is an American politician who has served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from the 52nd district since 2016.

Current committee assignments
Natural Resources
Committee on Fire Departments and Emergency Medical Services
Government Organization
Senior, Children, and Family Issues
Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security


Landscape was a magazine of human geography founded by J.B. Jackson in 1951 and published three times a year in Berkeley, California until 1999.The magazine's original subtitle was "Human Geography of the Southwest"; this was later dropped.
The first five issues consisted largely of Jackson's own essays. Jackson was the magazine's publisher and editor until 1968. Publication was suspended from 1971–1974.
Its ISSN was 0023-8023.


== Notes ==Nebria purpurata is a species of black coloured ground beetle from the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Colorado.


Pelkosenniemi (Inari Sami: Pelkosnjargâ) is a municipality of Finland.
Pelkosenniemi is located in the province of Lapland. The municipality has a population of 924
(31 December 2021), which make it the smallest municipality in Lapland in terms of population. It covers an area of 1,881.58 square kilometres (726.48 sq mi) of
which 45.4 km2 (17.5 sq mi)
is water. The population density is
0.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (1.3/sq mi). Neighbour municipalities are Kemijärvi, Rovaniemi, Salla, Savukoski and Sodankylä.
The municipality is unilingually Finnish and in 2000 was the last remaining municipality in Finland to have its entire population consist of native speakers of Finnish. As of 2010 there were two native speakers of other languages in Pelkosenniemi.
Pelkosenniemi hosts a popular mosquito swatting competition.

Trivia
Andy McCoy, formerly Antti Hulkko, lead guitarist of Hanoi Rocks, was born in Pelkosenniemi.

References
External links
 Media related to Pelkosenniemi at Wikimedia Commons

Municipality of Pelkosenniemi – Official websiteLieutenant-General Willem (or William) Anne van Keppel, 2nd Earl of Albemarle  (5 June 1702 – 22 December 1754) was a British soldier, diplomat and courtier.
He held various roles in the household of George II (1683-1760), who was a personal friend, participated in negotiations to end the 1718 to 1720 War of the Quadruple Alliance and was British Ambassador to France from 1748 to 1754.
During the 1740 to 1748 War of the Austrian Succession, he commanded troops in Flanders and was transferred to Scotland following the outbreak of the Jacobite rising of 1745. After Culloden, he was appointed Commander-in-Chief, Scotland before returning to Flanders in 1747.
Despite his many offices and inheriting a large fortune, he was known as the 'Spendthrift Earl' and died in 1754 leaving his family nothing but debts.

Life
William (or Willem) Anne van Keppel was born 5 June 1702 at Whitehall Palace in London, only son of Arnold, 1st Earl of Albemarle (1670-1718) and Geertruid van der Duyn (died 1741). His father was popular with both William III and Queen Anne, who was his godmother.In 1722, he married Anne Lennox (1703 – 1789), daughter of the Duke of Richmond, an illegitimate son of Charles II. She was Lady of the Bedchamber to Caroline of Ansbach (1683-1737); she was reputedly a great favourite of George II, who paid her a pension of £1,500 per annum when Albemarle died in 1754.They had over fifteen children, of whom six survived to adulthood; George, 3rd Earl of Albemarle (1724-1772), Augustus (1725-1786), William (1727-1782), Frederick (1728–1777), Caroline (1733–69) mother of Sir Robert Adair and Elizabeth (1739-1768).

Career
Albemarle was educated in the Dutch province of Gelderland, where the family originated. After returning to England in 1717, he was commissioned in the Coldstream Foot Guards and succeeded his father as Earl of Albemarle in 1718. Over the next few years, he and a colleague John Huske accompanied the Earl of Cadogan in meetings with the Dutch over the War of the Quadruple Alliance; financially exhausted by the War of the Spanish Succession, they were anxious to avoid another. The Treaty of The Hague was agreed in 1720, although negotiations continued with Austria.

Like his father, Albemarle appears to have had a talent for making powerful friends; his marriage in 1722 was held at Cadogan's house near Caversham, outside Reading. He was also made Lord of the Bedchamber to the future George II, then Prince of Wales, a position he retained until 1751. The role provided proximity to the monarch; its holder was a trusted confidant and often extremely powerful.In 1737, he was appointed Governor of Virginia, which he retained until his death, despite never setting foot in it. As was common, the administrative work was done by his deputy Sir William Gooch, although the two frequently clashed over appointments. Albemarle County, Virginia was named after him; it is better known as the location of Monticello, the estate built by Thomas Jefferson.Between 1713 and 1739, Britain was mostly at peace; Albemarle was Colonel of the 29th Regiment of Foot from 1731 to 1733 before transferring to the Royal Horse Guards. As personal escort to the king, they rarely left London but Albemarle commanded them at Dettingen in 1743, when George II became the last British monarch to command troops in battle. He became Colonel of the Coldstream Guards in 1744 and fought under the Duke of Cumberland at Fontenoy in April 1745.

With the outbreak of the 1745 Jacobite Rising, Albemarle was sent to Newcastle as deputy to the elderly George Wade. He commanded the government front line at Culloden in April 1746 and subsequently appointed Commander-in-Chief, Scotland, despite referring to it as "this cursed country". He told the Duke of Newcastle, then Secretary of State for the Southern Department that "my predecessors have split against a sharp rock". The appointment of a senior and trusted subordinate reflected a widespread perception among both government officials and Jacobite rebels that another landing was imminent.The immediate focus was capturing the fugitive Charles Stuart but despite a reward of £30,000, he evaded Albemarle's patrols and escaped to France in September. In 2018, previously unknown records from 1746 and 1747 were discovered in Ipswich; these include intelligence reports on the search and details showing that after Culloden, Albemarle received a thousand guineas and the Prince's silver-gilt travelling canteen.With his headquarters in Edinburgh, Albemarle divided Scotland into four military districts and carried out measures intended to bring the Highlands under control. They included extending the military road network begun in 1715 and placing permanent garrisons at key points, whose role was to enforce the 1746 Disarming and Dress Acts. In February 1747, he was relieved as commander in Scotland and rejoined the army in Flanders, commanding the British infantry at Lauffeld in July. Although this was a decisive French victory that effectively ended the War of the Austrian Succession, his troops' disciplined fire helped the Pragmatic army make an orderly retreat.

After the war ended with the 1748 Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, he was sent to Paris as Ambassador, where he was a great success, entertaining on a lavish scale and sharing a mistress with Giacomo Casanova. He was made a Knight of the Garter in 1750, then a Privy Counsellor the following year.
Albemarle died aged 52 in Paris on 22 December 1754, returning home from a pre-Christmas supper; he was buried on 21 February 1755 in Grosvenor Chapel on South Audley Street in London. When his long-term colleague and friend John Huske died in 1761, he instructed his coffin be placed next to that of Albemarle.Notoriously extravagant, he died leaving nothing but debts, although his sons had successful careers; in 1740, Augustus Keppel participated in Anson's capture of the Manila galleon, which made the officers wealthy men in their own right.In her biography of Madame de Pompadour, the writer Nancy Mitford remarks given his love of all things French, it was a blessing Albemarle died before the Seven Years' War broke out. She records that the French admired his love of life and wit; when a rapacious mistress admired the beauty of the stars, he replied that unfortunately he was unable to buy them for her.

Notes
References
Sources
Allardyce, James (1895). Historical papers relating to the Jacobite period, 1699-1750. Vol. 2. Aberdeen: Printed for the New Spalding Club.
Anderson, BJ, ed. (1902). The Albemarle papers; being the correspondence of William Anne, second earl of Albemarle, commander-in-chief in Scotland, 1746-1747. Aberdeen University.
Casanova, Giacomo (author), Trask, Willard (translator) (1960). History of My Life, Volume 3. The Johns Hopkins University Press. ISBN 978-1857152906. {{cite book}}: |last1= has generic name (help)
Heathcote, Tony (2002). The British Admirals of the Fleet 1734–1995. Pen & Sword. ISBN 0-85052-835-6.
Mitford, Nancy;   Madame de Pompadour Hamish Hamilton, 1954
Riding, Jacqueline (2016). Jacobites: A New History of the 45 Rebellion. Bloomsbury. ISBN 978-1408819128.
Royle, Trevor (2016). Culloden; Scotland's Last Battle and the Forging of the British Empire. Little, Brown. ISBN 978-1408704011.
Spain, Jonathan (2004). Keppel, William Anne, second earl of Albemarle. Oxford DNB.
Tucker, Spencer C, ed. (2012). Almanac of American Military History; Volume I. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 978-1598845303.

External links
"Lords of the Bedchamber". Glued Ideas. Retrieved 17 June 2019.
"Keppel, William Anne Van (1702-1754) 2nd Earl of Albemarle". National Archives. Retrieved 18 June 2019.Mary Jane Holmes (April 5, 1825 – October 6, 1907) was an American author who published 39 novels, as well as short stories. Her first novel sold 250,000 copies; and she had total sales of 2 million books in her lifetime, second only to Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Portraying domestic life in small-town and rural settings, she examined gender relationships, as well as those of class and race. She also dealt with slavery and the American Civil War with a strong sense of moral justice. Since the late 20th century, she has received fresh recognition and reappraisal, although her popular work was excluded from most 19th-century literary histories.

Early life and education
Mary Jane Hawes was born in Brookfield, Massachusetts in 1825, the fifth of Fanny (Olds) and Preston Hawes' nine children.  The household was economically modest, but the parents encouraged intellectual endeavor. She may also have been influenced by her uncle, Rev. Joel Hawes (1789-1867), for many years minister at the First Congregational Church in Hartford, Connecticut, and known for his published sermons and other writings. Preston Hawes died when Mary Jane was 12 and she started teaching school at 13. Interested in writing from an early age, she published her first story at 15.

Marriage and family
On August 9, 1849, Hawes married Daniel Holmes, a graduate of Yale College from New York City. They moved for a time to Versailles, Kentucky in the Bluegrass Region, where they both taught for a few years.  These were formative years, as Holmes used the small-town, rural setting and people she knew as inspiration for her first novel and others set in the antebellum South.In 1852 the Holmes family returned to New York and settled in Brockport, a short distance west of Rochester, where Daniel read law and was ultimately admitted to the bar. He went into practice and also served in local politics.  They had no children. Holmes' supportive marriage was one she used as a model for several portrayed in her novels.

Career
Holmes used her experiences in Kentucky for the material of several novels. In 1854 at the age of 29, she published her first novel, Tempest and Sunshine. Its central girl characters, Julia and Fanny, were reportedly modeled on the local family of John Singleton and his daughters Bettie and Susan. The portrayal of girls with contrasting characters was resolved with a sense of moral justice, as they both traveled personal journeys of growth. While sales of the novel were slow at first, they steadily continued, and ultimately totaled about 250,000 copies. Reprinted in 1886, this novel was her most popular. She was first published by Appleton, and later for 20 years by G.W. Carleton, which was succeeded by G.W. Dillingham, all of New York City. As The Nation noted in its obituary at her death:

It is an eternal paradox of our world of letters that the books which enjoy the largest sale are barely recognized as existing by the guardians of literary tradition. Mrs. Mary Jane Holmes, who died Sunday at Brockport, N.Y., wrote thirty-nine novels with aggregate sales, it is said, of more than two million copies, and yet she had not even a paragraph devoted to her life and works in the histories of American Literature. ("The Week")
The theme of most of her novels was domestic life, reflecting society in the antebellum years, as well as during and after the American Civil War.  Her books were very popular and she was published by major firms in New York.  Her sales were second nationally only to those of Harriet Beecher Stowe; in total Holmes sold more than two million books.As the literary scholar Judith Fetterley notes:

[T]the literature of mid-nineteenth century women is essentially about women. Thus the first truth the women have to tell is that not all Americans are male and the assumption that an American text must be a man's story told by men is partisan to say the least. Were this truth to be told, of course, it would require a redefinition of what constitutes an American theme; it would require the possibility that a story by a woman about women could be an American text...at issue equally is the matter of perspective. For a man's story told by a man is not necessarily the same as a man's story told by a woman.
Critics of the time and early 20th century classified Holmes' and other women authors' work as "sentimental" and downplayed it because of appeal to the common reader.  Recent critics have appreciated how Holmes grappled seriously with issues of gender, race and class, as well as slavery and the Civil War. She created attractive characters who also had flaws, with whom readers could identify. The scholar Earl Yarington notes that her heroines "go out, often on their own accord, into an uncertain world and make new lives for themselves."  This experience provides the heroine "with an education so she can learn how to thrive and improve not only her own conditions, but also the conditions of others."  Her work appealed to many readers at a time of rapidly expanding literacy among women.
While Holmes traveled extensively to Europe and Asia, trips from which she collected art, she continued to write and publish about one book annually.  She wrote a total of 39 novels, plus numerous short stories and novellas. Many were first serialized in the New York Weekly "storypaper".  The popularity of her novel Marian Grey (1863) reportedly led to a jump in the paper's circulation by 50,000, and it reached 100,000 by 1865.Holmes was active in the Episcopal Church and its charitable activities.  She started local activities to share her collection from her travels and education with young women.
Holmes died in 1907, at the age of 82, in Brockport.  Her obituary was published a few days later in the Nation, reflecting her stature.  Long excluded from literary histories of the nineteenth century written by men, the author was reappraised by scholars in the late 20th and early 21st century, who recognized her achievements and the value of her work.

Books
Tempest and Sunshine (New York, 1854); reprint New York: G.W. Dillingham (1886)
The English Orphans (1855)
The Homestead on the Hillside and other Tales (Auburn, 1855)
'Lena Rivers (1856)
Meadow Brook (New York, 1857)
Dora Deane, or the East India Uncle, and Maggie Miller, or, Old Hagar's Secret (1858)
Cousin Maude and Rosamond (1860)
Marian Grey; or The Heiress of Redstone Hall (1863)
Hugh Worthington (1863)
Darkness and Daylight (1864)
The Cameron Pride, or Purified by Suffering, or Family Pride (1867)
The Christmas Font, a story for young folks (1868)
Rose Mather, a Tale of the War (1868)
Ethelyn's Mistake (1869)
Millbank; or, Roger Irving's Ward (1871)
Edna Browning; or The Leighton Homestead (1872)
West Lawn, and The Rector of St. Mark's (1874)
Edith Lyle or Edith Lyle's Secret (1876)
Mildred (1877)
Daisy Thornton and Jessie Graham (1878)
Glen's Creek (1878)
Forrest House (1879)
Chateau d'Or (1880)
Red Bird (1880)
Madeline (1881)
Queenie Hetherton (1883)
Christmas Stories (1884)
Bessie's Fortune (1885)
Tracy Park
Gretchen (1887)
Aikenside
Red Bird's Christmas Story (1892)

Notes
Further reading
"Mary Jane Holmes: Works in the Collection", Early American Fiction, University of Virginia Library
Nina Baym, Woman's Fiction: A Guide to Novels by and about Women in America 1820–70, Ithaca, NY: Cornell UP, 1978, reprint 1993.
Denise D. Knight and Emmanuel S. Nelson, Nineteenth-Century American Women Writers: A Bio-Bibliographical Critical Sourcebook Book, Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1997
Grace Carson,"The Works of Mary Jane Holmes, A Brockport Union Catalog." M. A. Thesis. SUNY College at Brockport, 1988.
Elaine K. Ginsberg, "Mary Jane Hawes Holmes." American Women Writers, Vol. 2, Ed. Lina Mainiero. New York: Ungar, 1980, pp. 317–19.
Mary Kelley, Private Woman, Public Stage: Literary Domesticity in Nineteenth-Century American Fiction, New York: Oxford UP, 1984.
Donald A. Koch, "Introduction: Tempest and Sunshine by Mary Jane Holmes and The Lamplighter by Maria Susanna Cummins", Popular American Fiction, Ed. Koch. New York: Odyssey, 1968. v–xviii.
Earl Yarington, "Legacy Profile: Mary Jane Holmes", Legacy: A Journal of American Women Writers, 2008
Helen Waite Papashvily, All the Happy Endings: A Study of the Domestic Novel in America, the Women Who Wrote It, the Women Who Read It, in the Nineteenth Century, 1956; reprint 1972.
Fred Lewis Pattee, The Feminine Fifties, New York: 1940; reprint New York: Kennikat Press, 1966.
Barbara J. McGuire, "The Orphan's Grief: Transformational Tears and the Maternal Fetish in Mary Jane Holmes's 'Dora Deane; or, the East-India Uncle'", Legacy 15 (1998): 171–87.
"Noted Authoress Passes Away." [Rochester] Republic Democrat, 10 Oct. 1907: 1.
Jane Tompkins, ""Sentimental Power: Uncle Tom's Cabin and the Politics of Literary History", in Sensational Designs: The Cultural Work of American Fiction, 1790-1860, New York: Oxford UP, 1985, pp. 122–146.
Jane Tompkins, Sensational Designs: The Cultural Work of American Fiction, 1790–1860, New York: Oxford UP, 1985.

External links
Works by Mary Jane Holmes at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Mary Jane Holmes at Internet Archive
Works by Mary Jane Holmes at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by Mary Jane Holmes at Open Library
Mary Jane Holmes at Find a GraveThomas Fortier (September 27, 1796 – May 21, 1876) was a physician and political figure in Canada East. He represented Nicolet in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1848 to 1858.
He was born in Quebec City, the son of Joseph Fortier and Rose Laurent, and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec and New York University. Fortier served in the militia during the War of 1812, reaching the rank of lieutenant. He was licensed as a physician in Lower Canada in 1814 and practised in Saint-Grégoire, Baie-du-Febvre and Gentilly. He was married twice: first to Eliza Hanna in 1819 and then to Léocadie Grondin in 1834. Fortier served on the local school board and was vice-president in 1845. He wrote articles for the La Gazette in Trois-Rivières, Le Populaire in Montreal and La Gazette in Quebec City. Fortier was a candidate in the 1858 election, but withdrew his candidacy before the election. He died at Gentilly at the age of 79.

References
"Biography". Dictionnaire des parlementaires du Québec de 1792 à nos jours (in French). National Assembly of Quebec.USAF Heritage Flight is short for the United States Air Force Heritage Flight.  It was created in 1997 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the United States Air Force.  It incorporates fighters from World War II, the Vietnam War, the Korean War and other conflicts in which the USAF has been involved.
The USAF Heritage Flight formation will normally consist of two or more aircraft representing the different eras of operations, making three passes past the spectators. There will be one pass each from the right and left and then a final pass from behind the crowd with the aircraft performing a separation maneuver to create separation between the aircraft followed a few seconds later by a single simultaneous aileron roll by all the aircraft in the flight.
During the flypasts there is a musical accompaniment played through the public address system. The music that is normally played is "We Remember" by Dwayne O'Brian.
After the roll maneuver each of the aircraft will then enter the airfield traffic pattern, typically performing an individual pass before the crowd and then "pitching out" into an approach pattern and landing.
The specifics of the performance such as the roll and individual pass and landing may be modified by the weather and whether or not the local runway can safely handle the aircraft (adequate runway length) and if the airport has proper ground support equipment available..

Heritage Flight aircraft
As of 2016, Air Combat Command lists these aircraft for Heritage Flights

MilitaryF-35 Lightning II
F-22 Raptor
F-16 Fighting Falcon
A-10 Thunderbolt IICivilian/Warbird
P-51 Mustang
P-38 Lightning
P-40 Warhawk
P-47 Thunderbolt
A-1 Skyraider
F-86 SabreUp until 2013 other USAF aircraft represented by the Single Ship Tactical Demonstration teams were featured in Heritage Flights, these included the F-4 Phantom, F-15C Eagle, F-15E Strike Eagle, and A-10 Thunderbolt II.
Operational F-4 Phantoms discontinued participation in Heritage Flights after the type's retirement from the United States Air Force in the late 1990s, however the QF-4E Target Drone variant of the F-4 did participate in Heritage Flights (as well as solo demonstrations) up until 2012 when the aircraft were no longer available. The F-15C Eagle remained a popular heritage flight aircraft until 2007 when the F-15 East Coast Demonstration Team was disbanded due to cost issues and the advent of the newly formed F-22 Raptor Demonstration Team. All other USAF Single Ship Demonstration Teams were grounded in 2013 due to Sequestration in Congress which resulted in extensive budget cuts in the Military, The US Military confirmed its to Air Show and Heritage Flight Participation in January 2014 with the F-22 Raptor apparently being the only Air Combat Command aircraft confirmed for air show appearances which include tactical demonstrations and heritage flights, however in March 2014 Air Combat Command confirmed that the F-16 will also be featured in 2014 air shows being restricted to abbreviated 3-pass demonstrations as well as Heritage Flights. It is unclear whether the F-15E or A-10 will also return to Heritage Flights and with the A-10s recently announced retirement due to begin in 2015 it is unlikely that it will be featured at airshows again, while there has been no news that the still active F-15E will participate.
In 2015 the F-16 will do heritage flights as well as full demos.
As of 2016, the F-35 will do heritage flights as well, but no full demos.  According to the International Council of Airshows, in 2019 the F-35 will commence doing full demos as well as heritage flights.  The A-10 will return to the airshow circuit for 2019, but it is unclear whether it will participate in heritage flights.  In 2019 the A-10 resumed participation in heritage flights, bringing the total of modern USAF aircraft participating to four.

References
"Air Combat Command - Heritage Flight Aircraft Factsheets". Acc.af.mil. Retrieved 2011-12-02.
"2015 ACC F-16 DEMO/HF SCHEDULE". Acc.af.mil. Retrieved 2015-02-19.

External links
[1]
[2]Nidāna Ārambhakathā (Burmese: နိဒါန အာရမ္ဘကထာ; lit. 'Preface to the Legend') is a Mon language chronicle. It is supposedly part of a larger treatise called Ramann'-uppatti-dipaka ("An Explanation of the Origins of Ramannadesa"). The surviving copy of Nidana is dated to the 18th century although the copy says its original manuscript was compiled in year 900 ME (1538/39 CE). Moreover, at least some parts of it were likely written during the early 17th century.

References
Bibliography
Aung-Thwin, Michael A. (2005). The Mists of Rāmañña: The Legend that was Lower Burma (illustrated ed.). Honolulu: University of Hawai'i Press. ISBN 9780824828868.
Wade, Geoff (2012). "Southeast Asian Historical Writing".  In José Rabasa; Masayuki Sato; Edoardo Tortarolo; Daniel Woolf (eds.). The Oxford History of Historical Writing: Volume 3: 1400-1800. Vol. 3 (illustrated ed.). Oxford University Press. p. 752. ISBN 9780199219179.
Shorto, Harry L. Nidana Ramadhipati-katha. Unpublished typescript translation of pp. 34-44, 61-264 of Phra Candakanto (editor). On binding Rajawamsa Dhammaceti Mahapitakadhara. Pak Lat, Siam (1912). No Date
Shorto, Harry L. (1961). ""A Mon Genealogy of Kings: Observations on the Nidana Arambhakatha," In In D. G. E. Hall (ed.). Historians of South-East Asia". London: Oxford University Press.Im Sang-jo (임상조; 16 May 1930 – 13 September 2004) was a South Korean cyclist. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics.

References
External links
Im Sang-jo at OlympediaAllium cratericola is a species of wild onion known by the common name Cascade onion. It is endemic to California, where is an uncommon member of the flora in several of the state's mountain ranges, including the northern and southern California Coast Ranges, the western Transverse Ranges, Klamath Mountains, and the Sierra Nevada foothills. Its range covers much of the state, from Riverside County to Siskiyou County.

Description
Allium cratericola grows a short stem up to 10 centimetres (4 in) tall from a brown-coated oval-shaped bulb. There are one or two long, pointed leaves up to four times the length of the stem. The umbel contains up to 20 flowers clustered densely together. Each flower is bell-shaped, up to 15 mm (5⁄8 in) across; tepals white, pink or purplish with a dark purple-brown midvein; anthers and pollen are yellow.

References


== External links ==The locality Tavani (TA-vuh-nee) was a mining settlement and trading post in the Kivalliq Region of Nunavut, Canada. Sometimes known as Tavane, it is located on western Hudson Bay's Mistake Bay, 31.3 km (19.4 mi) south of the community of Whale Cove and 97 km (60 mi) east of Kaminak Lake.

History
Tavani was established in the summer of 1928 by Dominion Explorers Limited, a mineral exploration company, who used it as an aerial base for prospecting activity along the Hudson Bay coastline. Guy Blanchet, party leader, overwintered at the base in 1928/1929. Dominion Explorers sold the buildings to the Hudson's Bay Company in the fall of 1929, moving its aerial base to Baker Lake and other areas of the north.

Geology
The precambrian geology of Tavani, nearby Marble Island, and Chesterfield Inlet are described by Tella in a 1986 Geological Survey of Canada report.

See also
List of communities in Nunavut

References
External links
MapWGRA (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk radio format. Licensed to Cairo, Georgia, United States, the station is currently owned by Lovett Broadcasting Enterprises. In August 2020, the station can now also be heard on an FM translator at 95.9FM.

References
External links
WGRA in the FCC AM station database
WGRA on Radio-Locator
WGRA in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseCarlos Alcantara (born 21 August 1948) is a Uruguayan former cyclist. He competed in the individual road race event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

References
External links
Carlos Alcántara at ProCyclingStats
Carlos Alcántara at OlympediaHala Zawati is a Jordanian politician. As of 12 October 2020, she serves as Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources in Bisher Al-Khasawneh's Cabinet led by Prime Minister Bisher Al-Khasawneh. She previously served in this position in Omar Razzaz's cabinet led by Prime Minister Omar Razzaz.


Habibollah Akhlaghi (Persian: حبیب‌الله اخلاقی, born August 3, 1985 in Andimeshk) is an Iranian wrestler. He is Ph.D. student of Sports Management in Shahid Chamran University of Ahvaz.

References
Profile at FILA Wrestling DatabaseCanarium is a genus of about 100 species of tropical and subtropical trees, in the family Burseraceae.  They grow naturally across tropical Africa, south and southeast Asia, Indochina, Malesia, Australia and western Pacific Islands; including from southern Nigeria east to Madagascar, Mauritius, Sri Lanka and India; from Burma, Malaysia and Thailand through the Malay Peninsula and Vietnam to south China, Taiwan and the Philippines; through Borneo, Indonesia, Timor and New Guinea, through to the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, New Caledonia, Fiji, Samoa, Tonga and Palau.Canarium species grow up to large evergreen trees of 40–50 m (130–160 ft) tall, and have alternately arranged, pinnate leaves. They are dioecious, with male and female flowers growing on separate trees.

Common names
The trees and their edible nuts have a large number of common names in their range.  These include Pacific almond, canarium nut, pili nut, Java almond, Kenari nut, galip nut, nangai, and ngali.

Species
This species listing was sourced from The Plant List data aggregation website that takes in some inaccurate data. The brief species distribution information was sourced from Flora Malesiana, the Flora of China (series) and the Australian Tropical Rainforest Plants information system.

Uses and ecology
Several species have edible nuts, known as galip nut or nangae (C. indicum), pili nut (C. ovatum), or simply canarium nut (C. harveyi and C. indicum). C. indicum are among the most important nut-bearing trees in eastern Indonesia and the Southwest Pacific. C. ovatum is cultivated as a food crop only in the Philippines.

C. odontophyllum, known commonly as dabai or kembayau, is a species with a nutritious fruit with a creamy taste. It is hard when raw and may be pickled or softened with hot water when prepared. Many animals feed on the fruit in the wild, such as the red-bellied lemur (Eulemur rubriventer) and the ruffed lemurs (Varecia) of Madagascar's eastern tropical forests. Canarium fruit is also an important part of the diet of the aye-aye (Daubentonia madagascarensis).Canarium album produces a fruit consumed in Vietnam, Thailand (where it is known as nam liap (Thai: หนำเลี้ยบ), samo chin (Thai: สมอจีน) or kana (Thai: กาน้า)) and in China (Chinese: 橄欖) with an appearance of a big olive.
Canarium luzonicum, commonly known as elemi, is a tree native to the Philippines. An oleoresin, which contains Elemicin, is harvested from it.
Canarium strictum produces a resin called black dammar.
Superb fruit-doves (Ptilinopus superbus) are known to be fond of the fruit of scrub turpentine (C. australianum), which they swallow whole.

References
External links
"Canarium L." Atlas of Living Australia.The following players have represented AIK and either made at least 150 league appearances for the club, made at least 30 appearances for their national team, or received an individual award during their time with AIK Fotboll. See also List of AIK Fotboll players.Nikolai Viktorovich Starikov (Russian: Никола́й Ви́кторович Ста́риков, IPA: [nʲɪkɐˈlaj ˈvʲiktərəvʲɪtɕ ˈstarʲɪkəf]; born 23 August 1970, Leningrad) is a Russian writer, opinion journalist and social activist. Founder and former leader of Great Fatherland Party (Russian: Партия Великое Отечество, romanized: Partiya Velikoye Otechestvo) and its subsidiary social NGO, Union of Russian Citizens (Russian: Профсоюз Граждан России, romanized: Profsoyuz Grazhdan Rossii).
Starikov is the organizer of the "Goebbels' Award", which is awarded to "people who lie about, slander and vilify Russia", following the results of a vote among readers of his websites: nstarikov.ru and nstarikov.lj.ru.

Biography
Nikolai Starikov was born on 23 August 1970 in the city of Leningrad. He is married and has two daughters. In 1992 he graduated from the Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics, with a degree in economics. He frequently appears as an expert in economics in documentaries, for example in "Parvus of the Revolution", "Storm of the Winter Palace. Refutation."
Starikov about conspirology:
I am often accused of inclination towards conspirology. But I have always said and will continue to say that my books are related to conspirology in the same way as astronomy is related to astrology.

Political activity
Starikov is the leader of several political organizations, including the Union of Russian Citizens (Russian: Профсоюз Граждан России, romanized: Profsoyuz Grazhdan Rossii}), founded on 25 April 2011, and the conservative Great Fatherland Party (Russian: Партия Великое Отечество, romanized: Partiya Velikoye Otechestvo}), registered on 10 April 2013. He has championed a revisionist view of Joseph Stalin, portraying him as an effective leader and bulwark against western expansion.In 2020, he became a member of the For Truth political party.

Books
"Who Killed the Russian Empire? Mystery of 20th Century.", Moscow, Yauza, Eksmo, 2006. (in Russian)
"Myths and Truth about Civil War. Who Finished Off Russia?", Moscow, Yauza, Eksmo, 2006. (in Russian)
"Betrayed Russia. Our 'Allies' from Godunov to Nicholas II.", Moscow, Yauza, Eksmo, 2007. (in Russian)
"1917: Not A Revolution But Special Operation!", Yauza, Eksmo, 2007 (in Russian)
"Who is financing Russia's collapse? From Decembrists to Mujahideen.", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2008. (in Russian)
"Who Forced Hitler to Attack Stalin?", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2008. (in Russian)
"Who Set Hitler Against Stalin? Hitler's Terrible Blunder", Piter, 2015 (English translation of the above book)
"Seek the Oil. Why is Our Stabilizing Fund Placed There?", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2008. (in Russian)
"Crisi$: How is It Organized", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2009. (in Russian)
"Salvation of US Dollar - War", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2009. (in Russian)
"Rouble Nationalization: The Way to Russia's Freedom", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2011. (in Russian/English).
"Crisis: How is it done? (+ audio CD, read the author)", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2011. (in Russian).
"Chaos and Revolution - Weapons Of US Dollar.", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2011. (in Russian).
"Ukraine - Chaos and Revolution - Weapons Of US Dollar.", St. Petersburg, Piter, 2014. (in Russian).

References
External links
Official blog of Nikolai Starikov (in Russian)
Blog of Nikolai Starikov (English mirror)
Nikolai Starikov at LiveJournalBabanrao Dattatray Lonikar (born 1 March 1965) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra state & Member in 13th 2014 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election. He was Minister of Water Supply and Sanitation in Government of Maharashtra. He represents Partur-Mantha Vidhan Sabha Constituency in Legislative Assembly of Maharashtra. He belongs to Bhartiya Janata Party.

Political career
Cabinet minister

Positions held
He was also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Jalna district.

Within BJP
Legislative


Sergey Smiryagin (Russian: Серге́й Смирягин; 27 October 1963 – 11 July 2020) was a Russian freestyle swimmer. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in the 100 m freestyle, but failed to reach the final.After the Olympics he won three European titles and three silver medals at the world championships, as well as a gold medal at the 1983 Summer Universiade. He missed the 1984 Summer Olympics due to their boycott by the Soviet Union and competed in the Friendship Games instead, winning three gold medals.


Cleveland Vincent Lindo (born 6 June 1936) played first-class cricket in one match for Nottinghamshire in 1960 and in another single match for Somerset in 1963. He was born at Bigwoods, St Elizabeth, Jamaica.
Lindo was a right-arm fast bowler and a right-handed lower order batsman. In his solitary match for Nottinghamshire in 1960, he did better with bat than ball, making 18 and 24 batting at No 9, but failing to take a wicket in 20 overs in the match as Cambridge University recorded their first victory at Fenner's for four seasons. Lindo played for Nottinghamshire's second eleven in the Second Eleven Championship in 1960 (though not in second eleven matches in the Minor Counties Championship), but did not win a recall to the first team or a renewal of his contract at the end of the season. In 1963, Lindo reappeared in senior cricket again, playing for Somerset, though again he was largely confined to the second team. As before, he had a single first-class match, this time in the game against the Pakistan Eaglets, a touring side of young players from Pakistan, some of whom went on to become Test players. In a Somerset side that also featured several younger players alongside the established Peter Wight and the Test bowler Fred Rumsey, Lindo made an unbeaten 23 when Somerset batted in a match affected by rain, and then took eight wickets for 88 runs in the Pakistan Eaglets' only innings, including those of future Test players Mushtaq Mohammad and Sadiq Mohammad. The bowling included a spell of five wickets for one run in 17 deliveries with the second new ball. Despite this performance, and with Somerset's bowling very strong, Lindo was not picked for the first team again, and did not play any further first-class cricket.
After leaving Somerset, Lindo played Minor Counties cricket for Staffordshire and appeared in charity matches for the International Cavaliers side.
Vincent is married to Phyllis Lindo and has one daughter, Sonja.


Jungle Emperor Leo, known in Japan as Jungle Emperor The Movie (Japanese: 劇場版 ジャングル大帝, Hepburn: Gekijōban Janguru Taitei) is a 1997 Japanese animated film focusing on the last half of Osamu Tezuka's manga, Jungle Taitei (known in earlier US productions as Kimba the White Lion and Leo the Lion).

Plot
At the beginning of the film, Leo is an adult and learns that his mate, Lyra, has just given birth to twin cubs: Lune (pronounced Lu-Ney) and Lukio. After a grand celebration, the scene changes drastically to a bustling city where a man named Ham Egg is traveling from jeweler to jeweler to try and sell a special stone he found in the Bajalu Jungle.  After being turned down at every pawn shop and jeweler he goes to, the jewelers all inform someone of Ham Egg's whereabouts, and soon he is hauled away in a black car by intimidating men in black suits.
As it turns out, the stone that he's been trying to sell is really the "Moonlight Stone", a mineral that could be used as a power source and save the world from an impending energy crisis.  A scientific organization led by Dr. Plus and Dr. Minus seek the help of Ham Egg to lead them to the source of the Moonlight Stone so it can be salvaged.  However, Ham Egg is only interested in money and is soon persuaded by Dr. Plus, who is well aware of Ham Egg's illegal poaching activities. Ham Egg agrees to work for them, but demands to be put in charge of the search. Accompanying Ham Egg is Mr. Lemonade of the organization and Dr. Moustache, who is already stationed in the jungle.
When they arrive in the jungle, Dr. Moustache and Mr. Lemonade are shocked by Ham Egg and his "friends", who lack concern for any form of animal.  Dr. Moustache constantly argues with them over being respectful to nature, as Mr. Lemonade records everything that happens in his journal.
As Leo's son, Lune, becomes more and more curious of the human world, Leo continues to protect the animals of the jungle from which  may threaten them, including Ham Egg's barbarous actions, dissent amongst the animals including the African elephant leader Pagoora, and a deadly plague that is affecting the animals. But he is encouraged to go on by Earth Mother, the benevolent mammoth elder from Mount Moon. 
Lune leaves the jungle behind and travels by a log in the water to a nearby city. Lune is found by fishers and taken to a circus. An altruistic girl named Mary from the circus decides to take care of him, and he befriends a rat named Jack. Eventually, a stork from the jungle finds Lune, tells him of how the disease is killing off many animals, and she leaves with her flock. Lune is frightened by the idea that his family may be dead. Eventually, there is a fire in the circus, and Lune gets all the animals to help put it out. Lune, Jack, and Mary, who took care of Lune bid their goodbyes, and Lune sneaks onto a boat that will help him get back to Africa. In the jungle, Lyra is affected by the deadly disease and shortly dies. Although Lukio comes down with the same ailment, Dr. Moustache is able to cure her and others, including Pagoora's son thus proving humans can be friends to animals. 
Leo decides to lead Dr. Moustache and Dr. Lemonade to the center of the mountain where there are many moonlight stones. They go up the mountain, guided by Earth Mother who helps them fight a pack of dire wolves. Many hunters are lost on the way, but finally, they arrive. As they discover the stones, Ham Egg shoots at the trio. At the last minute, Mr. Lemonade jumps in the way, takes the bullet himself, and dies. They soon discover the stones, and Ham Egg, blinded by greed, steals one of the stones and swallows it so no one else can have it, but dies shortly afterward because the stone poisoned him. Dr. Moustache takes Leo and together they escape back down the mountain. It is then that Moustache suddenly realizes that the lion has gone blind. He rids of the stone they got because he believes it has ruined enough lives.
The film ends with Lune returning from the human world, and Dr. Moustache taking the cub to see his father's pelt. Leo died on the journey by stabbing himself with Dr. Moustache's knife. He did this so Dr. Moustache could eat his flesh, and clothe himself with Leo's fur so he can tell the humans what they need to know. Lune then begins nuzzling his fur. Dr. Moustache tells Lune about what his father did, "Your father was as wise as he was brave, and you should know what he did to save the world. He was the most courageous soul I've ever met, a true king who gave his life to save the land." Then, both of them head out into a meadow and see clouds in the shape of Leo.

Cast
See also
List of Osamu Tezuka manga
List of Osamu Tezuka anime
Osamu Tezuka's Star System

References
External links
Jungle Emperor Leo at IMDb
Jungle Emperor Leo (anime) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Jungle Emperor Leo at Tezuka Osamu @ World (archived)

Catergory:Films about elephantsThe Seven Seas Lagoon is a man-made lake at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando. Located south of the Magic Kingdom theme park, the Seven Seas Lagoon serves as a natural buffer between the Magic Kingdom and its parking lot and connects with the adjacent Bay Lake. The lake reaches a depth of 14 feet (4.3 m). The lagoon is used mainly for recreational boating, as well as by the resort's three Disney Transport ferryboats that transport guests between the Magic Kingdom and the Transportation and Ticket Center.

Uses
The Seven Seas Lagoon is used for boating activities at the resort. Fishing was not allowed in the lagoon until the mid-1990s, some 25 years after Walt Disney World's opening. However, the plan had existed from the start and fish were set free in the lagoon in 1973. Swimming was originally allowed, but has since been prohibited for safety reasons due to the operation of the rental boats and the existence of a single-cell amoeba Naegleria fowleri identified in the water that has been credited with several illnesses and at least one death. The lagoon is also the site of the Electrical Water Pageant. The lagoon, despite being man-made, is home to native Florida species such as alligators, lizards, snakes, and turtles.

Islands of the Lagoon
There are three islands on Seven Seas Lagoon: Blackbeard Island, Castaway Cay, and Beachcomber Island.

Blackbeard Island
Blackbeard Island is located near the water bridge that connects Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake.

Castaway Cay
The island of Castaway Cay is currently used as the launching point for perimeter fireworks within special events and holidays at Magic Kingdom Park. It also shares the name of the Island accessed by Disney Cruise Line in the Bahamas.

Beachcomber Island
Previously the site of an artificial wave machine for surfing in the early 1970s. It was later discontinued due to issues such as beach erosion, temperamental technology, cost, and navigational issues for watercraft within the lagoon. The artificial wave machine was more than a decade of being out of service when it was refurbished in 1985. The attempt in 1985 led to more beach erosion and later a permanent shutdown and removed. Remnants of machine are still under the surface of the lagoon, as the cost of removal would have been massive.

History
The original c.1966-67 master plan for Walt Disney World never included plans for the Seven Seas Lagoon, Walt Disney had only envisioned an expanded Bay Lake as a large open body of water. What would become the lagoon was originally conceived as home to various themed resorts which were relatively landlocked which would be separated from the Magic Kingdom by golf courses, an ice rink and a rollerskating dome.  Original plans showed the monorail terminating in front of the Magic Kingdom entrance on a linear route with three WEDway People Movers lines connecting guests to the various resorts. This would all change after Walt's death where major changes were made with the design of WDW.  Most likely due to the swampy nature of the land, Bay Lake was expanded and the lagoon created from excess water displaced by the theme park, resorts, parking lots, golf courses.  The revised plans would see the monorail circle the lagoon with parking and a transportation centre built on the South shore connecting the various resorts.Seven Seas Lagoon was a project the first phase of Resort Developments for the creation of Walt Disney World Resort. Earth exceeding seven million cubic yards was relocated for the creation of the man-made lagoon. The earth that was moved was used to cover the utilidors of the Magic Kingdom Park.

The Walt Disney World Water Ski Show
The Walt Disney World Ski Show was an event held at Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake at Walt Disney World Resort in the 1970s.  Shows were held five times daily. The show included eight-person, three-tiered pyramid, an exposition of flex-wing kite flying at 300 feet over the water and a series of jumps over a five and one-half foot ramp. Various characters, such as Dumbo, Goofy, and Pinocchio were in the show.

2016 alligator attack
At around 9:15 p.m. on June 14, 2016, a two-year-old boy wading in the Seven Seas Lagoon at the Grand Floridian Resort & Spa was grabbed and mauled to death by an alligator. His parents tried to intervene, but they were unsuccessful. The boy's intact body was discovered at the bottom of the lagoon at approximately 1:45 p.m. the following afternoon; he was found near where he went missing 12 to 15 yards (11 to 14 m) from the shore in about 6 feet (1.8 m) of water. The medical examiner ruled that the child died of "drowning and traumatic injuries." Reuters reported that the resort would put up signs warning guests about alligators and five of them were earlier killed in the search, to examine their stomachs. Shortly after the incident, Disney temporarily removed several references to alligators from various attractions throughout Disney World.

Terrain adjustments
After the 2016 alligator attack, the beaches and walkways of the Seven Seas Lagoon received an updated shoreline, which now features sharp, giant rocks and roped-off gates dividing guests from the shoreline of the lagoon. Signs warning guests about the wildlife of the lake were added as well.

Watercraft
Disney Transport ferries operating include Admiral Joe Fowler (formerly Magic Kingdom I), Richard F. Irvine (formerly Magic Kingdom II) and, since 1976, General Joe Potter (formerly Kingdom Queen).
Other smaller watercraft also operate. Two steam-powered sidewheelers formerly operated, Southern Seas until 1975 and Ports O' Call until 1982. Southern Seas was replaced in 1977 by Southern Seas II, a slightly larger sidewheeler that was diesel-powered instead of steam-powered, that operated until 1996.

Bordering resorts
Three resorts border the Seven Seas Lagoon, all of which have beaches. These hotels are the only hotels on Walt Disney World property that are directly serviced by the Walt Disney World Monorail System, allowing full monorail access from these hotels to the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, and the Transportation and Ticket Center.

Disney's Contemporary Resort
Bay Lake Tower (Disney Vacation Club)
Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa
Disney's Polynesian Resort


The academic halls of the University of Oxford were educational institutions within the university. The principal difference between a college and a hall was that whereas the former are governed by the fellows of the college, the halls were governed by their principals. Of over a hundred halls in the Middle Ages, only St Edmund Hall survived into the mid-20th century, becoming a college in 1957.

History
Middle Ages
Historians believe that by the beginning of the 13th Century Oxford's student population exceeded fifteen hundred and was equal in size to the town's non-student population. Throughout this period, students and their masters lived either as lodgers or as private tenants in accommodation owned by the townsfolk. The students and their masters depended on the townsfolk for their basic needs, namely food and accommodation. Essentially, half of Oxford's population were consumers only, leaving the other half of the town's population to profit from them.At this point in time, the nascent university owned no buildings. Like in Europe's other fledgling University, Paris, a rudimentary body of masters existed to regulate professional matters of mutual concern and masters were responsible for renting suitable premises for their lectures. Oxford's informal association of masters had no real authority and relied upon its members' clerical status and prestige for protection. Unsurprisingly, the association of masters was unable to curb the behaviour of the unsupervised hordes of students taking up residence in Oxford. The ongoing feuds between the university cohort and the townsfolk threatened the existence of higher education in Oxford. To counter this threat, the masters sought to combat the public disorder by curbing profiteering by the townspeople as landlords and tradespeople and reining in the student's freedoms.  These attempts led to the gradual introduction of academic halls as the officially recognised accommodation for students.Student housing was regulated as early as 1214, when a papal legate issued an ordinance to resolve a dispute over two clerks who had been hanged by townspeople. The rent of all "hospitia [houses] let to clerks" was to be halved for ten years. These hospitia developed into the medieval academic halls. A typical hall would have been a house with a narrow street frontage consisting of a single-storey communal hall and smaller rooms for students, two to four to a room. Later in the 13th century the first colleges were founded: University (1249), Balliol (1263) and Merton (1264).The religious privileges enjoyed by students and masters and the presence of so many clerks lead to jurisdictional disputes between the university's attendees and the townsfolk. Moreover, differences between academics related to England's north south divide and an influx of poorly behaved young students with no higher authority to answer to made Thirteenth-Century Oxford a volatile place.The earliest colleges were intended for graduates; however New College (1379) admitted undergraduates from the beginning, and from that time colleges increasingly competed with the halls. The colleges had statutes and an endowment to ensure their permanence, whereas the halls depended on the ability and resources of their principals.In around 1413 the university issued a statute requiring all academics to live in colleges or halls. This was followed by a royal ordinance in 1420 requiring students to swear to obey the university statutes, be governed by a principal and not live in private houses. In 1483–90 the university issued the first aularian statutes (from aula, the Latin for "hall") to regulate the halls.

Later
In 1603 only eight Oxford halls survived, and by 1842 five, as Broadgates, Gloucester and Hart had become colleges. Their principals were chosen by the chancellor of the university, except for St Edmund Hall, where the provost of Queen's College made the appointment. In the 19th century the halls were able to offer a less expensive education than the colleges; however this advantage was removed by the admission of unattached students, who could live in lodgings, in 1868 and the opening of Keble in 1870.In 1877 Prime Minister Disraeli appointed commissioners under Lord Selborne and later Mountague Bernard to consider and implement reform of the university and its colleges. The commissioners came to the view that the four remaining medieval halls were not viable and should merge with colleges on the death or resignation of the incumbent principals. In 1881, the commissioners issued University Statutes which provided for St Alban to merge with Merton, St Mary with Oriel, New Inn with Balliol and for a partial merger of St Edmund with Queen's. 
In 1903 only St Edmund Hall remained. Principal Edward Moore wished to retire and become a resident canon in Canterbury Cathedral. Queen's College proposed an amended statute for complete rather than partial merger, which was rejected by Congregation. In 1912 a statute was passed preserving the independence of the hall, which enabled Moore to retire. In 1957 St Edmund Hall became a college, keeping its old name as the last surviving academic hall.

List of academic halls in 1600
See also
Private halls of the University of Oxford
Permanent private hall

References
Sources
BooksThe Floodlight Collective is the first studio album by Lotus Plaza, released March 23, 2009, although recording on the album began in 2007.  The album was produced by Brian Foote of the band Nudge.  Musically, the album is similar to the work of Deerhunter and Atlas Sound, the solo project of Deerhunter's lead vocalist Bradford Cox.  Marc Hogan of Pitchfork Media found that "Pundt at times lets his diffidence get the best of him", and that the album's musical elements "can begin to run together."  However, Hogan suspects "That's probably the point…The Floodlight Collective is a mostly elegant listen, and one whose failings are part of its theme: Like a vague recollection, it's still a little hard to hold on to after it's over—pretty albeit somewhat ephemeral."

Artwork
The album's artwork was created by Pundt himself. The photo featured prominently is an "old family picture" of his younger brother Matt. The font was created with white-out and printer toner ink.

Track listing
"Red Oak Way"  – 4:12
"Quicksand"  – 5:09
"These Years"  – 2:54
"Different Mirrors"  – 4:07
"Whiteout"  – 4:13
"What Grows?"  – 2:55
"Sunday Night"  – 4:55
"Antoine"  – 7:22
"The Floodlight Collective"  – 4:36
"A Threaded Needle"  – 4:29

Personnel
Lockett Pundt—Vocals, Rhythm Guitar
Bradford Cox—Drums on Different Mirrors


Araeococcus flagellifolius is a plant species in the genus Araeococcus. This species is native to northern South America (Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas, northern Brazil).


The commune of Kayokwe is a commune of Mwaro Province in central Burundi. The capital lies at Kayokwe.


Patrick Swaffer (born 12 February 1951) is the current president of the British Board of Film Classification formerly a legal advisor to the BBFC he was appointed president of the BBFC by the BBFC's Council of Management after an open competition on 17 October 2012. Patrick Swaffer is known for his input to the Media/Entertainment industry.

Career
Patrick Swaffer joined Goodman Derrick solicitors as a senior and managing partner in 1974 and completed his training for this position in 1976, he became a partner to the firm in 1979 in the Media department, in 2009 he became a consultant to that firm. Patrick Swaffer also sits as a Recorder in the Crown Court on the South Eastern Circuit. Patrick Swaffer is currently a partner in Media Compliance Services LLP.Formerly a legal advisor to the BBFC, he became president in 2012, The previous president was   Sir Quentin Thomas.

References
External links
http://www.gdlaw.co.uk/profiles/patrick-swaffer
http://www.bbfc.co.uk/about-bbfc/media-centre/bbfc-announces-new-president
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-19979457
http://hanleyltc.org.uk/hanleyabout.htmlNutfield is a village and civil parish in the Tandridge District of Surrey, England. It lies in the Weald immediately south of the Greensand Ridge and has a railway station at South Nutfield which is one stop from Redhill, on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line.  It includes a watersports park and picnic destination, Mercers Country Park.

History
The village lay within the Reigate hundred.
Nutfield appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as Notfelle.  It was held by Countess Ida of Boulogne (2nd wife of Count Eustace). Its domesday assets were: 3 hides; 1 church, 16 ploughs, 1 mill worth 2s, 10 acres (40,000 m2) of meadow, herbage worth 12 hogs. It rendered £15 per year to its feudal overlords.At the end of the 12th century, Nutfield was held by Hubert de Anstey and his wife Dionysia, then in 1210 it passed to his son and heir Nicholas de Anstey.The Grade II* listed St Peter and St Paul's church was built in the 13th century. The tower dates from the early 15th century but was partly rebuilt in the late 18th century. There are two stained glass windows by Edward Burne-Jones.The Grade II listed Nutfield Priory is to the west of the village centre, constructed by John Gibson between 1872-4.

Localities
The village centre  stretches south from the A25 towards Nutfield station where the neighbourhood of Nutfield South has grown up, exceding it's parent village in size. North of the A25 is Nutfield Marsh. Also to the north of the A25 is Nutfield Court, a former country house that has been redeveloped into apartments, adjacent to St Peter & St Paul’s church.

Governance
There is one representative on Surrey County Council, Chris Farr of the Independent group, for Godstone Division which includes Nutfield.There are three representatives on Tandridge District Council:

The parish council has 8 members.The parish council was set up in 1894 under the terms of the Local Government Act 1894. The council's work ranges from planning applications, allotments, cemetery, meeting and cultural venues, overgrown footpaths to dog fouling. The Metropolitan Green Belt has been used to retain the largely agricultural green belt around the village.

Transport
The village is served by Nutfield railway station on the Redhill–Tonbridge line which is located in South Nutfield, approximately 1 mile to the south of the village. The station is served by hourly train services between Redhill and Tonbridge.
The A23 has road junctions to the village in Redhill and Salfords to the west, each 2 miles (3.2 km) away.
The village is served by the Metrobus route 400 and Southdown PSV route 410. These buses provide connections to Oxted, Caterham, Redhill, Gatwick Airport, Crawley and East Grinstead.

Amenities
Within the bounds of Nutfield is the Aqua Sports Company's Mercers Park country park.

Famous Inhabitants
Maria Louisa Charlesworth, popular author of religious books for children in the 1800s, lived at Church Hill House, Nutfield, and at The Cottage, where she died in 1861.  She was buried at St Peter & St Paul's Church.
Michael Maw (1912–1944), cricketer and Royal Air Force airman

Demography and housing
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.

The proportion of households in the civil parish who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%.  The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%.  The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).

Nearest settlements
See also
List of places of worship in Tandridge (district)


Penlink (Peninsula Link) is the nickname for a proposed road which will create a more direct and quicker route between the Whangaparaoa Peninsula and central Auckland in New Zealand.

Concept
The road would provide a second access route off the Whangaparaoa Peninsula, and is claimed by some to be needed to unlock large amounts of commercial land, contribute up to $173 million to GDP during its construction, and create employment estimated at more than 5000 jobs. 
The project's planning was originally being undertaken by Rodney District Council, Auckland Regional Council, and Transit New Zealand before 2010. With the creation of the Auckland Supercity on 1 November 2010, the project now sits with Auckland Council and its transport entity Auckland Transport.
Penlink would be approximately 7 km long and connect Whangaparaoa Peninsula with State Highway 1 at Redvale, effectively connecting the urban area of Hibiscus Coast and Bays, which runs from Waiwera south down the eastern coastline to Campbells Bay. The potential growth of the region is hampered by the Silverdale Motorway Interchange which is the traffic pinch point. Penlink addresses this and will include other modes such as public transport, walking and cycling.
Initially proposed as a toll road, it was later envisaged that it would be paid for by a part of the income from a regional fuel tax; but in 2018 was again changed to the toll option.

Status
All the land has been designated and property purchased.
Auckland Council owns the project and ratepayers will be reimbursed all costs to date.
Auckland Council will fund the Project, to be started in 2021.

References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20130209023724/http://www.aucklandtransport.govt.nz/improving-transport/penlink/Pages/default.aspxGivira ethela is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona, California and Nevada.Adults have been recorded on wing from July to August.

References

Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalogSandemania is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Melastomataceae. The only known species is Sandemania hoehnei.Its native range is southern Tropical America. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil (northern and west-central), Peru and Venezuela.The genus name of Sandemania is in honour of Christopher Albert Walter Sandeman (1882–1951), an English botanist and traveler. He collected in South America. The Latin specific epithet of hoehnei refers to Frederico Carlos Hoehne (1882–1959), a Brazilian botanist. The genus was first described and published in Bull. Misc. Inform. Kew 1939, onpage 480 in 1939. The species was then first published in Phytologia Vol.20 on page 370 in 1970.


KAFF (930 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Flagstaff, Arizona, United States, it serves the Flagstaff area.  The station is currently owned by Roger and Nancy Anderson, through licensee Flagstaff Radio, Inc., and features programming from ABC News Radio.
930 AM is a regional broadcast frequency. KAFF is a 5,000-watt daytime station, with low power nighttime authority (31 watts). KAFF is rebroadcast on FM translator K228XO 93.5 FM and is branded as KAFF Legends 93-5 AM930.

History
KAFF went on the air in late October 1962 as KFGT. It was an automated station owned by Gene Philippi. Not long after signing on, the station went silent and was sold to Guy Christian, who changed the callsign to KAFF and put the station back on air that fall.An FM sister station, KFLG, signed on in 1968, originally playing adult contemporary during the day, country at night and classical music for a few hours on Sunday. The two stations swapped call letters on March 1, 1982, with the FM station becoming KAFF and the AM station becoming KFLG. On December 16, 1986, KFLG changed its call sign back to KAFF.

Translators
KAFF rebroadcasts on the following translator:

References
External links
FCC History Cards for KAFF
KAFF in the FCC AM station database
KAFF on Radio-Locator
KAFF in Nielsen Audio's AM station databaseK228XO on Radio-Locator== Present laws ==
Road Traffic Act 1972
Highways Act 1980
Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988
Traffic Signs Regulations and General Directions
Highway Code

History
The Locomotives on Highways Act 1896
The Motor Car Act 1903
The Roads Act 1920
The Road Traffic Act 1930
The Road Traffic Act 1934

Offences that apply to all vehicles
Causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving

Motor vehicle offences
Causing death by dangerous driving
Dangerous driving
Careless driving/Driving without due care and attentionMotor vehicle document offences: see English criminal law#Forgery, personation and cheating
And see Drink driving (United Kingdom)

Bicycles
Taylor v Goodwin (1879) 4 QBD 228 bicycles are defined as "carriages" and therefore not allowed on pavements; biker convicted for "furious" cycling.
Cycle Tracks Act 1984, allows footpaths to be converted into cycle paths
Highway Act 1835 s 72 (as amended by Local Government Act 1888 s 85(1)) prohibits cycling on footways (pavement beside carriageway). The fixed penalty is £30 under the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 s 51 and Sch 3.
Crank v Brooks [1980] RTR 441, wheeling a bike is not "riding" it, per Waller LJ,In my judgment a person who is walking across a pedestrian crossing pushing a bicycle, having started on the pavement on one side on her feet and not on the bicycle, and going across pushing the bicycle with both feet on the ground so to speak is clearly a 'foot passenger'. If for example she had been using it as a scooter by having one foot on the pedal and pushing herself along, she would not have been a 'foot passenger'. But the fact that she had the bicycle in her hand and was walking does not create any difference from a case where she is walking without a bicycle in her hand.
Licensing Act 1872, an offence to be drunk and in charge of a bike.
Road Traffic Act 1988 s 30, creates an offence for being incapable of having proper control, not necessarily being a bit drunk.A person who, when riding a cycle on a road or other public place, is unfit to ride through drink or drugs (that is to say, is under the influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having proper control of the cycle) is guilty of an offence.
Maximum penalty for dangerous cycling is £2500.
£30 fine for running a red light.
Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986, amended 2003, cyclists not included in law making it illegal to talk on a mobile phone.

Northern Ireland
Offences that apply to all vehicles
Causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving

Motor vehicle offences
Causing death or grievous bodily injury by dangerous driving
Dangerous driving

See also
Transport in the United Kingdom

Notes
External links
Carlton Reid, 'Cycling and the law' (retrieved 2.10.2009) Bikeforall.netJames Bartlett (born 9 July 1966) is a South African actor best known for his role as the wicked puppet master, David Genaro on Rhythm City that is aired in many African countries such as Kenya, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Lesotho, Cameroon, 
Malawi and Ghana.

Career
Television
Bartlett is a well known and multi faceted South African actor currently starring in Rhythm City as David Genaro. He started playing his role as David Genaro in 2007. He was the first person to speak in scene 1 on the popular TV series Isidingo as character Mike O'Riley when it was aired on South African television. On the set of Isidingo he acted opposite Hlomla Dandala who acted as Derek Nyathi.
In 1997, he acted in the action MNET movie made for TV- The Sexy Girls [3]. The gang-movie genre showcased the realities of the gangster life in Cape Town.
He also guest stars in the South African, Canadian TV series Jozi-H. The TV series is a hospital drama set in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was also a judge on SA's got talent alongside Shadow Twala and DJ Fresh.

Movies
Bartlett's movie career started with American movies, 1987 action sequel film American Ninja 2 and subsequently the 1993 American Ninja 5 where he acted alongside Michael Dudikoff and Steve James.
He also had a supporting role playing Joss in the 2003 romantic drama Beyond Borders, an epic tale of turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers, with Angelina Jolie.In the 2004 British film drama Red Dust, Bartlett acted in a supporting role of Dirk Hendricks, a local policeman, opposite Hilary Swank where Academy Award winning director Tom Hooper directed the film. The film, based on the novel Red Dust by Gillian Slovo sees a New York lawyer Sarah Barcant (Hilary Swank) return to the place where she grew up, South Africa. Barcant returns to fight the case of Alex Mpondo (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a black politician who was tortured during the apartheid regime. The truth of the killing of Mpondo's comrade Steve Sizela by Piet Muller (Ian Roberts) is confirmed by Dirk Hendricks (Bartlett).
The 2007 horror thriller Prey saw Bartlett playing a supportive role as Crawford, a professional hunter and guide. A film where an American family whilst on holiday in South Africa get lost while on a game reserve and are stalked by lions. Crawford's services are enlisted in an attempt to track the lost family, who ventured into the park on a game drive but were surrounded by lions.
Bartlett starred in the 2010 children's parable White Lion [4], alongside fellow South African Best Actor Tony Award Winner John Kani and Thabo Malema. The film won the SAFTA Awards for Best Cinematography in a feature film, Best Music Composition in a feature film and Best Sound Design in a feature film. Filmed on location at the Kingdom of the White Lion, SA Lion Park, Nash's Farm, Glen Afric and Entabeni Game Reserve, Bartlett played a professional hunter.
His latest starring role is in the movie, Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom based on the 1994 book Long Walk to Freedom written by former South African president Nelson Mandela. In the film Bartlett plays the supporting role of Sergeant James Gregory.

Theatre
Most of Bartlett's theatre work took place at the Market Theatre where he had strong ties during the Apartheid era. The theatre was founded by Mannie Manim and the late Barney Simon in 1976. It was known internationally as South Africa's "Theatre of the Struggle" and challenged the apartheid regime.
Cock and Bull Story marked the beginning of Bartlett's professional career in 1986 where he played the role of a gay boxer and won a Vita Award for Most Promising Actor.
A year later Bartlett starred in the satire play East in 1987 and won the Fleur du Cap Theatre Award for Best Actor.In 1990 ,the actor was directed by Neil McCarthy in Rainshark at the Market Theatre.
Neil McCarthy directed Bartlett in Mojo in 1997 also at the Market Theatre where he won the Vita Best Actor Award.
The Great Outdoors starring Bartlett premiered at the Grahamstown Arts Festival in July 2000, where he played the leading role. He had a lead role in the theatre production of The Fire Raisers which toured Switzerland
Bartlett returned to the Market Theater for Death of a Colonialist [5] in 2011, where he played the lead role of an eccentric 60-something history teacher, Harold Smith from award-winning playwright Greg Latter's play. Bartlett won the 2010 Naledi Theatre Award for Best Performance by an actor in a Lead Role. The play received positive reviews for its script and acting.

Personal life
He was married to actress Camilla Waldman of Generations fame. The couple had a son, Hector, and later divorced.

Filmography
Film
Theatre
Television
Awards
The Crystal Award for Best Actor “Isidingo”
Vita Award for Best Lead Actor “The Great Outdoors”
Avanti Television Award for Best Actor “Isidingo”
Vita Award for Best Actor “Mojo”
Fleur Du Cap Theatre Award for Best Actor “East”
Vita Theatre Award for Best Up & Coming Actor “Cock & Bull Story"
South African Film & Television Award (SAFTA) for Best Actor Rhythm City.

Training
Trained in Speech and Drama at the University of Cape Town
Post Graduate Master classes with Peter Bridgemont at Chrysalis Theatre Acting School, London.

References
External links
Jamie Bartlett at IMDb
Official websiteCastlewellan (from Irish  Caisleán Uidhilín 'Hugelin's Castle') is a small town in County Down, in the south-east of Northern Ireland close to the Irish Sea. It is beside Castlewellan Lake and Slievenaslat mountain, 11 miles (18 km) southwest of Downpatrick. It lies between the Mourne Mountains and Slieve Croob. It had a population of 2,782 people in the 2011 Census.Castlewellan has a wide main street which runs through two main squares lined with chestnut trees. The town was designed by a French architect for the Annesley Family. The Annesley family did not always own the land as they bought it from The Maginess Family. (see Earl Annesley), then owners of what is now Castlewellan Christian Conference Centre and Forest Park, and is unique within Ireland due to its tree-lined squares both in the old town (upper square) and new town (lower square) as well as its very wide main street. The old market house in the upper square was built in 1764 and now houses the public library.

Places of interest
Drumena Cashel is a good example of a small stone built farmstead enclosure or cashel of the Early Christian period. It is situated 2 miles (3 km) south west of Castlewellan off the A25 road to Rathfriland.
Castlewellan Forest Park and Castlewellan Lake are situated to the northwest of the village. The Arboretum in the park was begun in 1740 and contains plants and trees from many different countries including Spain, Mexico and Wales; the 'Castlewellan Gold' form of Leyland Cypress – originating from a single mutant tree in the arboretum and widely propagated from the 1970s – was selected by the park director, John Keown, being first named Cupressus macrocarpa Keownii, 1963. The Peace Maze was constructed in the park between 2000 and 2001. Until 2007 it was the longest permanent hedge maze in the world. In the very early hours of 7 April 2007 two youths died in a canoeing incident in the lake.
Castlewellan Castle, a Scottish baronial castle of 1856, overlooks the lake and the park. Nowadays the castle is used as a privately run Christian conference centre, and is not generally open to the public.
Legannany Dolmen is 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Castlewellan, near the village of Leitrim, on the slopes of Slieve Croob.
Goward Dolmen is a megalithic monument 2 miles (3.2 km) from Hilltown on the road to Castlewellan. The huge granite capstone has slipped from its original horizontal position.

History
12 July 1849 saw the Dolly's Brae conflict. Up to 1400 armed Orangemen marched from Rathfriland to Tollymore Park near Castlewellan, County Down. On their homeward journey, shots were fired and police were unable to control the situation. None of the Orangemen were harmed, but it was estimated that about 80 Catholics were killed and homes burnt.According to the Sunday Times Insight Team, the entire village (the population then was given as 819) was bound over to keep the peace for a year in 1953 after disorder at an Orange walk.

The Troubles
For more information see The Troubles in Castlewellan, which includes a list of incidents in Castlewellan during the Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities.
Castlewellan throughout the course of The Troubles, had a significant paramilitary presence in the Village, mostly through the presence of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA).

Schools
St Mary's Primary School, Aughlisnafin
Annsborough Primary School
Castlewellan Primary School
St. Malachy's Primary School, Castlewellan
St. Malachy's High School, Castlewellan
Bunscoil Bheanna Boirche
Castlewellan High School: Closed in 1991.

Transport
Castlewellan railway station was opened on 24 March 1906 by the Great Northern Railway of Ireland, but closed on 2 May 1955.Trains used to connect Newcastle and Belfast via Lisburn.

Music
The Celtic Fusion International Musical Arts Festival has been held annually in the town since 2002.The Soma Festival is an annual festival held in the town since 2013. Soma is a festival of live music, family, well-being, food and drink and is directed by singer Tíona McSherry.

Sport
Castlewellan GAC is based in the village.
Castlewellan Town FC are the local Football team 
Castlewellan lake plays host to the Queen's Regatta, and formerly the Irish University Rowing Championships, annually in April.
Kilmegan Amateur Boxing Club is situated in the outskirts of the town (taking its name from the towns parish name).
Castlewellan Forest Park Played Host To The All British Open Field Archery Championships Put On And Arranged By Ballyvally Archery Club Banbridge The Weekend Of 28–29 May 2011

Demography
2011 Census
Castlewellan is classified as an intermediate settlement by the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) (i.e. with a population between 2,500 and 4,999 people).
On Census Day (27 March 2011) the usually resident population of Castlewellan Settlement was 2,782, accounting for 0.15% of the NI total. Of these:

24.84% were under 16 years old and 10.96% were aged 65 and above;
48.71% of the population were male and 51.29% were female; and
90.29% were from a Catholic community background and 6.51% were from a 'Protestant and Other Christian (including Christian related)' community background.

2001 Census
Castlewellan is classified as an intermediate settlement by the NI Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA)  (i.e. with population between 2,250 and 4,500 people).
On Census day (29 April 2001) there were 2,392 people living in Castlewellan. Of these:

29.8% were aged under 16 and 13.8% were aged 60 and over
49.4% of the population were male and 50.6% were female
92.1% were from a Catholic background and 6.6% were from a Protestant background
4.8% of people aged 16–74 were unemployed.

People
Greer Garson, actress
Percy Jocelyn, Anglican Bishop
Niamh McGrady, actress
Eileen O'Higgins, actress
Séamus Ó Néill, Irish writer
Joe Toner, soccer player.

See also
Market Houses in Northern Ireland

References
External links
 Media related to Castlewellan at Wikimedia Commons

Official website
The Ins, Outs and Whereabouts of Castlewellan
Castlewellan Football Club.Trabala lambourni is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae first described by George Thomas Bethune-Baker in 1911. It is found in Nigeria and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Biology
A known host plant is Terminalia catappa.


Oligomerus is a genus of death-watch beetles in the family Ptinidae. There are about 18 described species in Oligomerus.

Identification
It leaves a round hole behind, which is one to three millimeters in diameter. The boreholes are filled with loose bore dust. Its excrement looks like "salt and pepper".

Species
These 18 species belong to the genus Oligomerus:

Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net

References


== External links ==Kronotsky (Кроноцкий) Nature Reserve (also: Kronotsky Biosphere Zapovednik) is a nature area reserved for the study of natural sciences in the remote Russian Far East, on the coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula. It was created in 1934 and its current boundary contains an area of 10,990 km2 (4,240 sq mi). The largest lake in the reserve is Lake Kronotskoye, which covers an area of 246 square kilometres (95 sq mi). It also has Russia's only geyser basin, plus several mountain ranges with numerous volcanoes, both active and extinct. Due to its often harsh climate and its mix of volcanoes and geysers, it is frequently described as the Land of Fire and Ice.Kronotsky is mainly accessible only to scientists, plus approximately 3,000 tourists annually who pay a fee equivalent to US$700 to travel by helicopter for a single day's visit. It is part of Volcanoes of Kamchatka, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Ecoregion and climate
Kronotsky is in the Kamchatka-Kurile meadows and sparse forests ecoregion, which covers the coastal zones of Kamchatka and surrounding islands.  The climate is Humid continental climate, cool summer (Köppen climate classification (Dwb)). This climate is characterized by high variation in temperature, both daily and seasonally; with dry winters and cool summers.

Flora and fauna
Over 750 plant species grow in the reserve, which has volcanoes rising up to a height of over 3,510 m (11,500 feet).The nature reserve boasts over 800 brown bears, some of the largest in the world that can grow to over 540 kg (1,200 pounds). The 800-plus population make it Eurasia's largest protected brown bear population. Bears in the Kronotsky reserve often encounter each other at salmon streams in the park where they can socialize freely with each other.Some bears have been observed to sniff the kerosene and gasoline off of discarded fuel barrels the reserve uses to power generators and helicopters, apparently having formed an addiction. After inhaling for a few minutes, they dig a shallow hole in which to lie down. Bears have been seen waiting for helicopters to take off so that they can sniff any fuel that may have been dropped onto the ground.

Valley of Geysers
The Valley of Geysers (Russian: Долина гейзеров) and the Mutnovsky geyser field are the only geyser fields in Eurasia. The Valley of Geysers is the second largest concentration of geysers in the world. The 6 km long basin with approximately ninety geysers and many hot springs is situated on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East, predominantly on the left bank of the ever-deepening Geysernaya River.
Within the valley a volcanic cone collapsed approximately 40,000 years ago forming the Uzon Caldera, which continues to steam in places where magma can heat groundwater to a near-boil. The area is less than eight miles wide and holds at least 500 geothermal hot springs, mud pots and other similar features.Among the geysers is the Velikan (giant) Geyser, which erupts with tons of water that shoot more than 25 metres into the air during a minute-long eruption approximately every six hours or so. At least 20 such geysers erupt on a stretch of the Geysernaya River Basin in the Valley of Geysers, along with dozens of smaller gushing vents and hundreds of hot springs. The largest of these geysers erupts with 60 tons of water once or twice a year.

See also
Evgeny Chernikin
Kronotsky

References
External links
Official site of Kronotsky Biosphere Zapovednik (in Russian)
Wild-russia.org: Kronotsky Biosphere ZapovednikSuarek Rukkukamui is a Thai kickboxer and Muay Thai fighter.
As of August 2020, he was ranked the #8 flyweight in the world by Combat Press.

Titles and accomplishments
2011 Muay Lok Cup -59kg Muay Marathon Champion
2012 M-1 Lightweight Champion
2017 REBELS Super Lightweight Champion
2019 REBELS interim Lightweight Champion
2020 KNOCK OUT Red Grand Prix 61.5kg Champion

Fight record


Jember Fashion Carnaval or JFC (Indonesian Karnaval Busana Jember) is an annual carnival held in the East Java city of Jember. Officially it is written as Jember Fashion Carnaval; the word carnival here is officially spelled as carnaval, probably a confusion with Indonesian spelling karnaval, or an influence of the Dutch spelling carnaval.  Jember Fashion Carnival has no relation with the Christian pre-Lenten festival, but more of a festivities in general, roughly following the Brazilian style, with procession of dancers in extravagant costumes, with emphasis on the traditional Indonesian motif.
Generally, the carnival used world-themed fashion or nature-inspired theme. Preparation was held extensively months before and participants volunteered for the event.The idea for Jember Fashion Carnaval was realized by local fashion designer and educator Dynand Fariz. Initially, a world-themed fashion week known as Pekan Mode Dynand Fariz was held in 2001. In 2002, the fashion week was held around the city of Jember. This has inspired the creation of Jember Fashion Carnaval. The first Jember Fashion Carnaval was held on January 1, 2003, the same date as the founding day of Jember City. It was followed by another Jember Fashion Carnaval in August 2003. Since then the carnival is held on the month of August.Starting From the rise of Group Reyog Ponorogo who crowded highways city protocol in the current cultural pageantry and celebration of the anniversary of the independence of Jember city which has always attracted the attention of citizens each year. Thus create the idea of thinking a walking parade with costumes menggenakan interesting, lively, bright colors and frilly audience reyog artists but has its own distinctive identity Jember city.
At the time of 2001 to the beginning of Jember Carnaval Festival, where there wasn't much different in concept from the previous procession, and therefore the shape resembling the costume of JFC always Reyog at which time there is also a similar event, such as a costume festival in the countries in American continent. Even today tens Reyog group in the town of Jember still participate and support the JFC activities each year, so are always there at the JFC costume design that carries about reyog art.
Development
Even in the development JFC is still carrying the national reyog event and Reyog mini. participants now not followed by adults only, but the students of students kindergarten, elementary, junior high school which is more commonly called participants JFC Mini

See also
Solo Batik Carnival

References
External links
Official websiteBattlement is the only official studio album by the German progressive rock band Neuschwanstein. It is still considered one of the most remarkable German productions of this genre of the late 1970s. The album's importance to the progressive rock scene is also evident from the fact that there are hundreds of articles, reviews and blogs on Battlement worldwide, from North and South America, throughout Western and Eastern Europe, to Central and East Asia.

Personnel
Thomas Neuroth – keyboards
Klaus Mayer – flute
Roger Weiler – electric guitar
Rainer Zimmer – bass
Hans Peter Schwarz – drums
Frédéric Joos – vocals

Track listing
All tracks are written by Neuschwanstein and Ulli Reichert (except track 5, composed and performed by Rainer Zimmer).The album was released both on LP and CD. "Midsummer Day" is only available as a bonus track on CD.

History
In the early 1970s, Thomas Neuroth and Klaus Mayer formed the band Neuschwanstein. Enthused by King Crimson and Rick Wakeman, they initially performed as a cover band, with a repertoire also including classical and baroque adaptations. After several line-up changes, a stable line-up crystallised in early 1974, consisting of Thomas Neuroth (keyboards), Klaus Mayer (flute), Udo Redlich (electric guitar), Uli Limpert (electric bass) and Hans Peter Schwarz (drums).
Rick Wakeman's Journey to the Centre of the Earth was released in May 1974. This album became the initial spark for Neuschwanstein to present a similar work on stage, Alice in Wonderland. Neuschwanstein performed successfully several times with their stage show in the entire German-French border region (Saarland/Lorraine/Alsace), often in front of several thousand spectators, and thus got to play in the support of already well-known bands such as Novalis and Lucifer's Friend.The year 1975 was to lead to another step towards professionalism. Udo Redlich was replaced by guitarist Roger Weiler after voluntarily leaving the band and Ulli Reichert, a Saarland businessman with contacts in the music scene (Herman Rarebell, Scorpions), began to support the group not only financially.
Besides the numerous gigs with Alice in Wonderland, the group worked out new material, influenced by Genesis of the Peter Gabriel as well as by Steve Hackett. In 1976, the singer and musician Frédéric Joos, who came from near Metz (France),  who had already worked with Roger Weiler years before, was signed on to sing with Neuschwanstein, as his voice fitted the style of the band's new compositions perfectly.
Due to his connections, manager Reichert managed to get the group the chance to record their new programme in October 1978 at the Dieter Dierks Studios in Cologne-Stommelen. In just 10 days, from 21 to 31 October, the group recorded several of their favourite pieces, 6 of which eventually appeared on the album. A Winter's Tale, composed by Joos and lyricised by Weiler, and the rather commercial song Midsummer Day were omitted for the final production. The band intended to release the latter on a promotional single, but financial reasons prevented them from doing so. It was only through the 1992 CD release of Musea Records that this song appeared as a bonus track.
Joos took over all the vocal parts, except for the title song Battlement, which was written and sung by Rainer Zimmer. To give the album a professional touch and perhaps achieve greater commercial success, manager Reichert asked Scorpions drummer Herman Rarebell to re-record the drum tracks on the opener Loafer Jack and thus also appear in the album credits. Reichert and Rarebell, whose real name is Hermann Erbel, had known each other for some time in the Saarland music scene, where Rarebell had already made a name for himself before his involvement with the Scorpions. However, the group was not at all enthusiastic about this decision, especially since Hans Peter Schwarz had already recorded a much more subtle rhythm pattern for this track whereas Rarebell had recorded a classic rock drum kit.
The album Battlement was initially released as an LP in 1979 and sold 6000 copies in a short time. For a self-production of a band without a record deal, this is a considerable success, especially because during this time interest in progressive rock was waning considerably, with new wave and post-punk already on the rise. Despite Neuschwanstein's considerable popularity, the success of the album failed to materialise, even despite a good distribution deal with a small local label called Racket Records (not to be confused with the Marillion-owned label of the same name). Roger Weiler later said about this:

We were exactly in the ungrateful middle with the timing: Four years earlier (1974) or four years later (1982) - and we would have been in the running! I was and still am firmly convinced of that!
A reviewer from the Netherlands writes:

It's funny that Marillion were just starting out [at the time of this release, author's note] and are considered neoprog along with a few other bands, but Neuschwanstein, who were never considered neoprog, could actually be considered neoprog pioneers. In that sense, this record sounds like a kind of pre-"Script for a Jester's Tear".

CD vs. LP
In 1992, Roger Weiler contacted the people in charge at Musea Records and suggested that they reissue the album on CD. Musea Records, based in Metz (France), is a small label that has excelled in the distribution of progressive rock productions. The idea was put into action together with former Neuschwanstein manager Reichert, and so Reichert and Weiler remixed the original recordings for this occasion in March 1992 at Sound Factory Studios, Saarbrücken. For Musea, this re-release should pay off, as the CD would prove to be an absolute highlight and one of the most successful productions of this label.Roger Weiler stated in February 2022:

I was only interested in a contemporary preservation of the music and a CD was the measure of all things at that time. [...] It was important to me because I was not at all satisfied with the original mix. I wanted a more transparent sound with more dynamics. In the original mix, the bass was far too dominant for me, even though it was very well played. I thought a sound similar to Genesis would be more suitable.
The new mix, however, turned out to be extremely complicated. He also elaborated:

We experimented a lot with the remix to make it more direct and transparent - it didn't work! As soon as you left out a melody of an instrument, it was no longer the song - that actually showed the whole depth of the music as we had composed and arranged it. So in the end, all that was left in the remix was the reduction of the dominant bass playing.
This remix was not always met with undivided opinion in the progressive rock scene. The reviewer ″comp of nss″ wrote on Prograrchives.com:

(The) CD is not the original music, the musicians recorded on tape. The CD is a remix. Remixed by a nice producer and a Genesis fan. Without the intention, the charme and this unmistakable sound of the seventies. So, if you can, hear the vinyl. Only on vinyl "Battlement" is truthful.
Peter Thelen from Exposé online comments:

The original mix was just a little on the bassy side, so with good intentions, Musea brought the band's guitar player in to remix the album. Unfortunately, most of the bass has now been mixed out, and the vocals have been brought further to the forefront, giving the album a whole new character sounding more like Genesis […] but I must admit I'm somewhat disappointed with the remix.
Comparing the two versions, it is indeed noticeable that the bass is no longer so dominant and the treble has been raised. In addition, the sound has gained more stereo width and more reverb has been added to keyboards, flute and vocals.

Cover
Responsible for the photos of the LP cover is Werner Richner, who, like Neuschwanstein, is also from Völklingen. He was also active as a rock musician until the mid-1970s. Richner is a nationally known and successful photographer and publisher of illustrated books and has, among other things, photographed numerous castles for various illustrated books.For the front cover of the album, Werner Richner photographed the castle of Haut-Barr (German "Hohbarr") near Saverne (Alsace/France); the photo for the back cover of the album was taken in Greece, according to his own statements. The idea for the front cover of Battlement is based on the title song of the same name.

Critical reception (Excerpts)
Weuschka from Ukraine writes:

A true masterpiece of 1970s progressive epic-sympho rock. A German band that incorporates the best of Genesis, Camel and Eloy.
Domenico D'Alessandro from Italy comments:

This band has never known an international recognition and still is a hidden gem from German Golden Era of Prog.
The reviewer Alnilamski from USA summarizes:

This album is an absolute gem. Its acoustic sounds, along with the uncanny resemblance between the voices of Frédéric Joos and young Peter Gabriel, make Battlement sound a bit like early Genesis. However, they are by no means a direct ripoff.
An unknown reviewer from Uzbekistan comes to the following conclusion:

The release of Neuschwanstein's only album was, in my view, one of the most notable events that happened within the framework of Classic Art (Symphonic) Rock in the end of the 1970s. […] There are seven tracks on the album and five of them are real gems of Classic Symphonic Progressive. Along with "Tales From the Lush Attic" (IQ-1983) and "Somewhere But Yesterday" (Xitizen Cain-1994), Neuschwanstein's "Battlement" is one of the most successful of the genuine clone-albums that have ever been created in the history of Rock Music.
The blogger "Kaikarmanheimo" from Finland says about this:

Neuschwanstein is somewhere in the upper middle range. The band can write some great melodic passages and chord progressions and play them with the required technique and dynamics. On the other hand, the songs don't always build up into natural ensembles. And as for guitarist Roger Weiler's lyrics, the band wades into the swamp of mythical morality in somewhat shaky English […]. Somehow, a certain awkwardness and alienation always creeps into the final result. 
From the Czech Republic comes a review by Jaromír Merhaut, who sums it up this way:

Neuschwanstein is not only a mesmerizing symbol of noble folly towering over the Bavarian town of Füssen, but also a band that has created one of the most beautiful art-rock records I know. It's also a story about how everything is relative and how little it means to be the new prophet if you're not in the right place at the right time… […] Even the best music in the best traditions doesn't guarantee success. It's a sad paradox that a few years later Marillion, with the same formula, raised the banner of Genesis, and almost conquered the world with it. When you put on "Beyond The Bugle" as your first Neuschwanstein song, and after the gurgling overture you hear the opening verse "Beyond the mountain, a wanderer spent the night…" delivered in Frederic Joos's wily voice, you won't believe anyone could have sung that three years before Fish. Even the music world can be so damn unfair sometimes…
The reviewer Progbear from USA writes:

Average German sympho that is somehow hyped as the ultimate Genesis clone. It’s not, it’s rather typical German prog with thin keys based around string synths and Fender Rhodes and hypnotic musical song-structures that occasionally hint at something more complex. […] According to a friend who owns the original Racket-label vinyl, the Musea edition is heavily remixed to make it sound more “symphonic.” Supposedly, the original mix sounds more like Eloy and less like a lesser Novalis album with English lyrics and a different singer.
Tom Karr from USA concludes the following:

In progressive rock's glory days English and Italian, even American groups, garnered international attention for their contributions to the genre. Meanwhile, continental Europe boasted a number of fine bands, a very few well known, many who labored without the world's eye, and some who did not even make their mark on the scene until the very late 70s and into the early 1980s. […] Neuschwanstein was such a band. […] Re-released on Musea in 1992, Battlement is a beautiful, lush work, and one of the best produced and sounding independently recorded releases. […] The musicianship displayed on Battlement is absolutely top notch and vocalist/acoustic guitarist Frederic Joos will have many listeners swearing that Peter Gabriel himself provided the lead vocals for Neuschwanstein. […] Every track on this re-issue is of good quality and a couple are almost good enough to qualify as what I call could call "masterpieces." […] This is a true classic of continental progressive rock and is well deserving of the title.
Greg Northrup from USA comes to the following result:

It would be unfortunate to dismiss Neuschwanstein as simply another Genesis rip-off, considering that aside from the uncanny vocal similarity to Peter Gabriel, there is just so much more to this music. […] The main thing about the album is that though they sound a hell of a lot like Genesis, it's by no means a "second-tier" imitation. The musical vibe here is very similar to Wind & Wuthering, or perhaps even vintage Camel, with its warm romanticism and grandiose textures. […] However, the lyrics lack the kind of humorous, wry narrative that Gabriel is known for, instead locking in with the musical palette for a somber, darkly romantic vibe. In fact, the lyrics are usually delivered in an incomprehensible warble, and what does usually pop up doesn't sound particularly important anyway. […] In fact, the vocals are probably the most negligible part of this album, and most of the weight is definitely carried by the instrumental side. […] A very exciting and impeccably preformed album if you can get past the vocals (or if a Gabriel clone doesn't bother you).
Xavier Wagner from Brazil finally thinks:

[Even if] it sounds like Genesis, it is also possible to affirm that if it was recorded by them it would be among their best records. […] As a conclusion I also wonder where Genesis would have reached if they had managed to keep the average of their first records and released albums like this "Battlement". Maybe this is a case of the student surpassing the master (if we consider Genesis' early days, obviously not; but if we talk about their latest records, no doubt). […] For those who don't know it, you can believe it, "Battlement" is one of the greatest moments of progressive rock of all times, pity that it was released in the wrong place and at the wrong time, after all 1979 was not a great moment for the style.

Sources
Helm, Roland; Küntzer, Norbert (2011). Saar Rock History - Volume 1 & 2. Saarbrücken: H. Raueiser GmbH. ISBN 978-3-87661-037-5.Grosse, Francis (1992). Battlement (booklet). Neuschwanstein. Metz: Musea.Weiler, Roger (2008). Alice in Wonderland (booklet). Neuschwanstein. Metz: Musea.

References
External links
Battlement discography at Discogs
Neuschwanstein discography at MusicBrainz
Neuschwanstein at AllMusicHafiz Mustafa 1864 is a Turkish purveyor of sweets and delicacies which originated and is still headquartered in Istanbul.
It was Founded in 1864 by Hadji İsmail Hakkı Bey during the reign of Sultan Abdulaziz at shop number 86 on the viaduct which today is known as Hamidiye street in the Fatih district of Istanbul.  Hakki Bey began by producing Rock candy.  The Hafiz Mustafa operation won 12 gold medals in confectionery in Europe between 1926 and 1938.In the present it is run by the Ongular family who have owned it since 2007. Among their offerings are Turkish delights, Baklavas, puddings, teas, and assorted sweets.
Currently the concern has over a dozen branches in Turkey and one at the Mall of Dubai in Dubai. UAE.


Kannappanunni is a 1977 Indian Malayalam-language film based on Kalaripayattu, the traditional martial art of India. It was the 100th film featuring Prem Nazir and Sheela as the leading pair. It was Udaya Studio's 75th film. The film was directed and produced by Kunchako. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Sukumari and Jayabharathi . The film has musical score and songs by K. Raghavan.

Cast
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan.

References
External links
Kannappanunni at IMDb
Kannappanunni on YouTubeMountnorris is a small village and townland in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It lies about six miles south of Markethill. It is within the Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon local government area. It had a population of 155 people (79 households) in the 2011 Census. (2001 Census: 165 people)

History
The townland of Mountnorris was historically called Aghnecranagh and Aghenecranagh (from Irish  Achadh na Cranncha 'field of the wooded place'). In 1600 Lord Mountjoy built an earthwork fort and left a garrison of 400 men under the command of Captain Edward Blaney in Mountnorris. The area took its name by combining the names of Mountjoy and his campaign commander in the Low Countries, Sir John Norris.
By 1620, the village no longer had a garrison and in the 18th century passed into the hands of the Cope family of Loughgall, to become a rural settlement with no military connections. The village was the originally intended site of the Royal School but due to instability at the time in Ulster, the school was resituated to its current site in Armagh and was opened in 1608.
On 31 May 1991, during "The Troubles", the Provisional IRA carried out a large truck bomb attack against the British Army (Ulster Defence Regiment) base at nearby Glenanne. It killed three soldiers and wounded another ten. It is often called the "Glenanne barracks bombing".

Climate
People
Andrew Trew Wood (1826–1903), a Canadian businessman and parliamentarian, was born in Mountnorris.
Billy Wright, the loyalist paramilitary leader, was raised in Mountnorris. He founded the Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF) in 1996 and was assassinated in 1997 by the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA).

Education
Mountnorris Primary School
St. Teresa's Primary School

References
Visit Armagh

See also
List of towns and villages in Northern IrelandWallburg Realschule is a modern secondary school located in Eltmann, Germany, which is named after the local Wallburg castle ruins. The school is located on a hillside overlooking Eltmann, the Wallburg and the Main river. There are approximately 650 pupils and 40 teachers, who teach 23 different classes from Form 5 up to Form 10. 
Pupils can play table tennis during breaks. Wallburg Realschule has a very large gymnasium, a playground and even a big pond. There is also a library especially for pupils, and an assembly hall which has a big stage for performances.
School starts at 7:55 am and usually ends at 1:00 pm, with optional afternoon classes. The Wallburg Realschule has three computer rooms and one laptop cart.
The school address is: 
"Realschule Wallburg, Oskar-Serrand-Str. 29, 97483 Eltmann"

External links
rs-eltmann.de/ Official website"Kill Switch" is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered in the United States on the Fox network on February 15, 1998. It was written by William Gibson and Tom Maddox and directed by Rob Bowman. The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology. "Kill Switch" earned a Nielsen household rating of 11.1, being watched by 18.04 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics, with several complimenting Fox Mulder's virtual experience. The episode's name has also been said to inspire the name for the American metalcore band Killswitch Engage.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder and Scully become targets of a rogue AI capable of the worst kind of torture while investigating the strange circumstances of the death of a reclusive computer genius rumored to have been researching artificial intelligence.
"Kill Switch" was co-written by cyberpunk pioneers William Gibson and Tom Maddox. The two eventually wrote another episode for the show: season seven's "First Person Shooter". "Kill Switch" was written after Gibson and Maddox approached the series, offering to write an episode. Reminiscent of the "dark visions" of filmmaker David Cronenberg, the episode contained "many obvious pokes and prods at high-end academic cyberculture." In addition, "Kill Switch" contained several scenes featuring elaborate explosives and digital effects, including one wherein a computer-animated Scully fights nurses in a virtual hospital. "Kill Switch" deals with various "Gibsonian" themes, including alienation, paranoia, artificial intelligence, and transferring one's consciousness into cyberspace, among others.

Plot
At a diner in Washington, D.C., a man tries to access files on a laptop computer, but is repeatedly denied. Meanwhile, several drug dealers receive anonymous phone calls about the whereabouts of their competitors; they are told that they are at the same diner. Two U.S. Marshals receive a similar phone call about an escaped prisoner. The drug dealers arrive in pairs as the man attempts to gain access to the files. Just as he does, the two Marshals appear and a shootout ensues.
Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) arrive and identify the bodies of the drug dealers. Mulder also identifies the man with the laptop as Donald Gelman, "a Silicon Valley folk hero" who aspired to create an artificial intelligence. Mulder takes Gelman's laptop and finds a CD inside. When he puts it into the car stereo, it plays "Twilight Time" by The Platters. However, the agents take it to the Lone Gunmen, who discover that the disc contains a large quantity of encrypted data. The trio, however, are unable to decrypt it. Upon Scully's suggestion, they access Gelman's e-mail account and find a message sent by someone named Invisigoth, saying that someone named David is missing.
The message contains a BIC code for an intermodal shipping container, which Mulder and Scully locate. When they approach it, a woman uses a electroshock weapon on the agents and attempts to flee but is captured by Scully. The container turns out to be full of state-of-the-art computer equipment. The woman, the "Invisigoth" (Kristin Lehman) they've been looking for, warns the agents that a laser-armed Defense Department satellite has pinpointed their location. They quickly leave the area as the container is destroyed, supposedly by a "Particle Beam" shot from a defense satellite.  The agents bring Invisigoth to meet the Lone Gunmen. Invisigoth, whose real name turns out to be Esther Nairn, tells the agents and the Lone Gunmen that Gelman succeeded in creating an artificial intelligence. She reveals that once the AI locates an enemy, it destroys them using the satellite. According to Esther, Gelman was creating "Kill Switch", a virus that could destroy the AI. However, the AI learned of Gelman's plans and killed him by luring the drug dealers and the police to the diner. The only way to destroy the AI is to find the computer on which it is stored. It turns out that David is Esther's friend, and also worked with Gelman.
Mulder uses a government source to find a secret T3 line in Fairfax County, Virginia—one that the AI uses to log onto the Internet. He also finds the trailer that is connected to the T3 line. Meanwhile, Esther forces Scully to drive to David's house. However, they find that the house has been destroyed. Esther admits that she and David had been planning to transfer their consciousness into cyberspace to enter the AI. Gelman, however, thought the idea was too dangerous. Esther also admits that she and David were in love, and were having an affair behind Gelman's back. Meanwhile, Mulder finds much computer hardware inside the trailer. He also finds David's dead body, with a virtual reality helmet on his head. Suddenly, Mulder is constrained by moving cables and wires, and experiences a strange vision in which he is in a hospital where nurses threaten to amputate his limbs unless he reveals Kill Switch's location. Meanwhile, the AI locates Scully and Esther driving near a swing bridge. They become trapped on the bridge after the AI manipulates its drawing mechanism, causing Scully to persuade Esther to throw the computer into the water below. Just as it hits the water it is destroyed by the defense satellite's laser strike.
Scully and Esther find the trailer in which Mulder is trapped. Esther reveals that she still has the CD on which the Kill Switch is stored. Scully puts it into the drive into the AI, which then releases Mulder. She gets him out of the trailer, but Esther stays inside. She uses the satellite to locate the trailer's position, causing the missile to destroy the trailer, killing her. Mulder tells Scully that Esther's consciousness probably joined the AI. Later, the Lone Gunmen get a strange message on their computer reading, "Bite me", something that Esther has told Scully earlier. Just before the credits, we see a trailer in North Platte, Nebraska, similar to the one where the AI lived, with automatic security cameras monitoring a boy who approaches the trailer to retrieve a football.

Production
Writing
The episode was written by acclaimed cyberpunk novelist William Gibson, together with fellow science fiction author Tom Maddox. The authors and longtime friends had discussed various collaborations before and approached the production company with an offer to write an episode. Gibson originally started watching the series on the suggestion of his daughter, 15 years old at the time. (In fact, during the filming of "Kill Switch", Gibson spent a majority of his time on the set only "because [his] daughter insisted on being there.")"Kill Switch" deals with recurrent Gibsonian themes, like "alienation, paranoia, [and] the will to survive". The Vancouver Sun author Alex Strachan later compared many of the episode's themes to that of Gibson's books, most notably in his novels Neuromancer, Mona Lisa Overdrive, and Virtual Light. Written outside the mytharc of the series as a standalone story, "Kill Switch" was penned to be reminiscent of the "dark visions" of filmmaker David Cronenberg and to contain "many obvious pokes and prods at high-end academic cyberculture." The episode also revolves around the "interaction of human and artificial intelligence ... on the World Wide Web"—ideas that were very popular when the episode was written.Reportedly, it took over a year before the episode was re-written and completed, due to series creator Chris Carter and executive producer Frank Spotnitz's other priorities. When they were finally available, Carter and Spotnitz made some revisions to the script, including "upp[ing] the attitude on Esther's character" and tweaking the way Mulder and Scully react to her.

Filming and effects
According to Spotnitz, "Kill Switch" was the most expensive episode that the show produced during its original run in Vancouver, and it took a total of 22 days to film. The episode's bridge scenes were filmed at the Westham Island Bridge, which spans Canoe Pass, British Columbia. The location had been discovered by Carter during a technical survey for the prior fifth-season episode "Schizogeny". Because the bridge was the only way to access part of the Fraser River community, filming was heavily regulated, and because of this, permission to film the scene in which Esther throws the laptop into the river required thirty days to obtain. The abandoned house that Mulder discovers was filmed at a historical landmark known locally as "Read House".The episode contained several scenes featuring elaborate explosives, such as the one featuring a missile destroying a shipping container, which was originally scheduled to be filmed at one of Vancouver's waterfront facilities. After the city rescinded permission to film, the special effects crew for The X-Files shipped as many containers as they could to a recycling center in the adjacent city of Burnaby; here, they were able to film the explosion "without a hitch". The destruction of the trailer was filmed adjacent to the Boundary Bay Airport, and afterwards, the series received several complaints from people living nearby complaining about the explosion and its resultant shockwave. The robot that attacked Mulder was inspired by the Sojourner rover and cost $23,000 to create. The producers secured satellite photos of the Washington D.C. area by reaching out to Spot Image, a satellite company based in France.The show hired a freelance computer artist to generate a 3-D image of Scully for the scene in which she fights off a group of nurses in a virtual hospital. Gillian Anderson was very pleased with the scene, later noting, "I happened to be in good shape at the time and was just raring to get in there and be taking those half-naked nurses out with some karate chops." David Duchovny was not as exuberant; when showed the script and directed to "be impressed with [Scully's] karate skills", he responded that "But I have no arms. I've lost my arms. Why would I care about Scully's karate?" Dean Haglund later called the sequence "one of the great fight scenes, ever".

Reception
Ratings
"Kill Switch" premiered on the Fox network on February 15, 1998. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 11.1, with a 16 share, meaning that roughly 11.1 percent of all television-equipped households, and 16 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 18.04 million viewers."Kill Switch" made frequent appearances in reruns, resulting in Gibson and Maddox writing a second X-Files episode titled "First Person Shooter" during the show's seventh season.

Reviews
"Kill Switch" received largely positive reviews from critics. Francis Dass of New Straits Times was positive toward the episode, calling it "excellent". Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode four stars out of five.  The two wrote that its themes were "fresh and new" and that the plot had "real heart to it". Shearman and Pearson wrote positively of Mulder's virtual experiencing, praising "kickboxing Scully" and calling her "supercool". Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B+ and wrote that, while "William Gibson's cyberpunk milieu wouldn't necessarily seem to be the best fit for The X-Files", the episode "weirdly benefits from the lack of staff oversight." She noted that it featured many elements to its plot, but was "a rare example of an X-Files episode that works, even though it tries to do too much." VanDerWerff praised the story and the fact that Scully was featured heavily in the episode. She cited the scene where a virtual Scully roundhouse kicks a group of nurses as one of the best shots in the episode, and called it a "hysterical moment". Brett Love of TV Squad stated that it is his favorite episode of The X-Files, considering it a "great story" and describing it as a "tough one to beat". Paula Vitaris of Cinefantastique gave the episode a positive review and awarded it three stars out of four. Vitaris praised the episode's directing and noted that the entry was "a great improvement over The X-Files's earlier A.I. episode, first season's 'Ghost in the Machine'". Vitaris cited "Mulder's virtual experience" as the "highlight of the episode".

Awards
"Kill Switch" earned an Emmy Award by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for Outstanding Picture Editing - Series.

Footnotes
Bibliography
Gradnitzer, Louisa; Pittson, Todd (1999). X Marks the Spot: On Location with The X-Files. Arsenal Pulp Press. ISBN 1-55152-066-4.
Hurwitz, Matt; Knowles, Chris (2008). The Complete X-Files: Behind the Series the Myths and the Movies. New York, US: Insight Editions. ISBN 978-1933784724.
Meisler, Andy (1999), Resist or Serve: The Official Guide to The X-Files, Vol. 4, London: HarperCollins, ISBN 0-00-257133-1
Shearman, Robert; Pearson, Lars (2009). Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen. Mad Norwegian Press. ISBN 978-0975944691.

External links
"Kill Switch" on TheXFiles.com
"Kill Switch" at IMDbPolyhymno palinorsa is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It was described by English entomologist Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in Namibia and South Africa (Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Gauteng).The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a moderate white median longitudinal streak from the base to the termen, becoming linear posteriorly. There is a fine white line immediately beneath the costa from near the base to the middle, then running obliquely into the median streak near the termen and there is a white sub-dorsal line from near the base almost to the tornus. A white line is found along the submedian fold posteriorly almost rising out of the median streak. There is also a white somewhat upwards-oblique streak lying between the posterior half of this and the median streak and an oblique white line from the costa about two-thirds to the apex of the median streak, the extremity greyish. A pale ochreous-yellowish streak runs from above the posterior portion of this to the apex. The hindwings are grey.


Monica Fiorella Pimentel Rodriguez (born 7 January 1989) is an Aruban taekwondo practitioner. She competed in the 49 kg division at the 2016 Summer Olympics and lost to Yasmina Aziez in the preliminaries.


Sachiko Kobayashi (小林 幸子, Kobayashi Sachiko), born on December 5, 1953 in Niigata, Japan, is a female Japanese enka singer and occasional voice actress and voice provider of VOCALOID 4 Sachiko developed by YAMAHA co. She previously worked alongside the Pokémon Company, under the alias "Garura Kobayashi".

Biography
When Kobayashi was 9 years old in 1963, she became a champion in the TBS-produced "Uta Mane Tokuhon" (歌まね読本) music variety show and was scouted by famous Japanese composer and guitarist Masao Koga. Although Kobayashi was only a grade four student, her voice was said to be exactly like well-known Japanese enka singer Hibari Misora.
One year later, Kobayashi and her family left their hometown, Niigata, Niigata and headed to Tokyo where she released her debut song, "Usotsuki Kamome" (ウソツキ鴎).
In 1968, she acted as the heroine in "Aoi Taiyou" (青い太陽), a TV drama produced by TV Asahi. The drama's ending song was also credited to her. However, after 1968, Kobayashi's level of celebrity dropped, thus causing her to get fewer TV appearances and other opportunities.
In 1979, her song "Omoide Sake" (おもいで酒) became the best seller of the year, winning the 21st Japan Record Awards, and causing her to be popular again. As a result, she was asked to take part in the illustrious annual end-of-year music show "Kōhaku Uta Gassen". After 1979, Kobayashi was considered one of the most famous enka singers in Japan until now. Her more recent activity has intersected with Japanese otaku culture.In July 2015, a Vocaloid called "Sachiko" was released by Yamaha based upon her voice for the Vocaloid 4 engine.In April 2018, coinciding with the launch of her official YouTube channel, Kobayashi debuted her Virtual Youtuber persona, Virtual Grandmother Sachiko Kobayashi. At Nico Nico Chōkaigi, she collaborated with fellow Vtuber Kizuna AI on a cover of Vocaloid Hatsune Miku's song "Senbonzakura". Kobayashi also had a recurring "Virtual Grandmother" segment in 2019 Vtuber sketch comedy show, "VIRTUAL-SAN - LOOKING".

Discography
Singles
Usotsuki Kamome (ウソツキ鴎)(1964.06.05)
Hahakoi Okesa (母恋いおけさ)(1964.09)
Watashi Shamonashigo Kadohyouishishi (私しゃみなじご角兵衛獅子)(1964.11)
Hanagasa Musume (花笠むすめ)(1965.01)
Shonankou (小楠公) (1965.03）
Chibikko Kazoeuta (ちびっ子数え歌)(1965.05)
Chibikko Yakusha (ちびっ子役者)(1965.07)
Yuyake Kozou (夕焼け小僧)(1965.09)
Sayonara namitoba wa Gogo sanji (サヨナラ波止場は午後三時)(1965.11)
Dekasegi Otou-chan no Uta (出稼ぎ父ちゃんの歌)(1966.02)
Yamabiko Shoujo (山びこ少女)(1966.06)
Itakoshi Jusan ya (潮来十三夜)(1966.11)
Taiyou wa Oshieru (太陽は教える)(1967.01)
Tanbobo no Oka (たんぼぼの丘)(1967.08)
Aoi Taiyou (青い太陽)(1968.04)
Osuki na Toki ni (お好きな時に)(1969.11)
Wakamama Na Kanata (わかままな貴方)(1970.02)
Komarasetai no (こまらせたいの)(1970.08)
Nazeka Koishikute (なぜか恋しくて)(1971.04)
Yagate Hatachininaru Onna (やがて二十才になる女)(1971.09)
Kimagure na Watashi (気まぐれなわたし)(1972.07)
Koi Jigoku Miren banashi/Furusatomonme (恋地獄未練ばなし・ふるさともんめ)(1973.06)
Aki (秋)(1976.08)
Renbun Ressha (恋文列車)(1977.08)
Otoko To Onna No Magarikatou (男と女の曲がり角)(1977.10.25)
Harumachi Rengesa (春待ちれんげ草)(1978.01.25)
Oyomeni Ikuwa (お嫁に行くわ)(1978.06.21)
Rokuji, Shichiji, Hachiji Anataha (六時、七時、八時あなたは…)(1979.01.25)
Omoide Sake (おもいで酒)(1979.01.25)
Tomarigi (とまり木)(1980.01.01)
DELUXE 4 DELUXE Tomariki/Harumachi Rengesa/Omoide Sake/Otoko To Onna No Magarikatou (DELUXE 4 DELUXE とまり木／春待ちれんげ草／おもいで酒／男と女の曲り角)(Unknown)
Futari wa Hitori (ふたりはひとり)(1980.06.01)
Arekara Ichinen Tachimashita (あれから一年たちました)(1980.09.25)
Ushirokage (うしろかげ)(1981.02.10)
Mayoidori (迷い鳥)(1981.06.11)
Nakase yagatte Konoyarou (泣かせやがってこのやろう)(1982.01.01)
Mou ichido dake (もう一度だけ)(1982.06.25)
Futatabino (ふたたびの)(1983.01.25)
Moshikashite (もしかして)(1984.01.25)
Moshikashite PartII (もしかしてPARTII)(1984.07.10)
Yakuruma Nikki (矢車日記)(1984.09.25)
Hitobanntometene/Meoto Shigure (ひと晩泊めてね／夫婦しぐれ)(1985.02.25)
Wakare (別離)(1986.02.25)
Onna no Engokyou (女の円舞曲／別離)(1986.09.10)
Yuki Tsubaki (雪椿)(1987.06.25)
Koi No Manchusaka (恋の曼珠沙華)(1988.02.25)
Fudan Kusa (不断草)(1989.06.25)
Fukushu Kusa (福寿草)(1989.02.25)
Merankurikku.Mama (メランコリック・ママ)(1989.09.25)
Kokyou (故郷)(1990.04.10)
Inochi Moyu (天命燃ゆ)(1990.11.15)
Fuyu Reshou (冬化粧)(1991.08.25)
Koi Botaru (恋螢)(1992.06.21)
Namida No Kasudake Tsukikasatte~Konna Watashi ja Atumaani~ (涙の数だけ着飾って～こんな私じゃあるまーに～)(1992.07.10)
Hitoyakagiri (一夜かぎり)(1993.02.22)
Nihon Rettou Hana wa na Ontou/Kokoro Ha Hana No You ni (日本列島花はな音頭／心は花のように)(1993.04.10)
Hanarete Soshite (別れて…そして)(1993.04.10)
Yakusoku (約束)(1993.10.10)
Ame no Yataizake (雨の屋台酒) (1994.03.25)
Haha Hitori (母ひとり)(1995.06.25)
Echigo Jouwa (越後情話) (1996.08.30)
Shiawase (幸せ)(1997.08.30)
Super Select Series Omoide Sake.Tomariki (スーパー・セレクトシリーズ おもいで酒／とまり木)(1997.12.10)
Super Select Series Yuki Tsubaki.Haha Hitori (スーパー・セレクトシリーズ 雪椿／母ひとり)(1997.12.10)
Super Select Series Fufuushigure.Yakuruma Nikki (スーパー・セレクトシリーズ 夫婦しぐれ／矢車日記)(1997.12.10)
Super Select Series Fukusyu Kusa.Ame No Yataizake (スーパー・セレクトシリーズ 福寿草／雨の屋台酒)(1997.12.10)
Super Select Series Moshikashite PartII.Futatabino (スーパー・セレクトシリーズ もしかしてPARTII／ふたたびの)(1997.12.10)
Torikaekko Please (とりかえっこプリーズ)(1998.02.10)
Ametsuki Densetsu (雨月伝説)(1998.02.21)
Kazetoishoni (風といっしょに)(1998.09.03)
Yancha Sake (やんちゃ酒)(1999.01.01)
Nitou Monogatari/Aoi no Naka e (二都物語／蒼のなかへ)(1999.09.10)
Ochizou Sanba (お地蔵サンバ)(1999.09.22)
Nakase Ame (泣かせ雨)(2000.01.01)
Sayonara Arigatou (さよならありがとう)(2000.04.21)
Ryusui Kanashiuta (流氷哀歌)(2001.01.01)
Inochi Shirazu No Watari Tori (命しらずの渡り鳥)(2001.01.01)
Genkideitene (元気でいてね)(2001.04.21)
Yume no Gai~Jigosen no Yume (夢の涯て～子午線の夢～)(2001.09.01)
Setsunaiyo (雪泣夜)(2002.01.01)
Setsunaiyo SE Serifu Hairi/Dareka ga sobaniiru~[Honmamon]yori~ (雪泣夜 (SEセリフ入り）／誰かがそばにいる～「ほんまもん」より～)(2002.06.21)
Machiwabite~Kaou~ (待ちわびて～華王～)(2002.12.05)
Ribbon(2003.01.01)
Kujyaku (孔雀)(2003.01.01)
Haruzemi (春蝉)(2003.08.20)
Ishoshigi (いそしぎ)(2004.03.03)
Daiedo Kenka Hana (大江戸喧嘩花)(2006.06.21)
Koi Zakura (恋桜)(2007.06.21)
Kanashimi no Chou (悲しみの帳)(2008.02.20)
Rouran (楼蘭)(2008.08.20)
Manyukoeta Aa Kimimatsuto (万葉恋歌 ああ君待っと)(2009)
Shiroi Yuge no Uta/Kaachan no Hitori (白いゆげの歌/母ちゃんのひとり言)(2010.01.27)
Ibara no Ki (茨の木)(2010.10.17)
Onna no Sakaba/Koi no Kakehiki (おんなの酒場/恋のかけひき) (2011.06.01)
Hotaru Zensen (蛍前線)(2013.06.05)
Echigo ni Nemuru (越後に眠る)(2014.06.04)
Iro-iro aru kedo Aitai yo (色々あるけど会いたいよ)(2015.06.03)
Mugen no Blanc Noir (無限∞ブランノワール)(2015.10.28)
Hyakka Ryouran (百花繚乱!アッパレ!ジパング!)(2016.07.06)
Samba DE Wassyoi! (サンバDEわっしょい!)(2016.07.13)
Yookoso Arks (ヨーコソ・アークス)(2016.08.18)
Sonzai Shoumei (存在証明) (2017.12.06)
Poker Face ni Sayonara (ポーカーフェイスにさよなら)(2019.02.06)

Album
Sachiko Kobayashi's Hit Show (小林幸子のヒット・ショー) (1964.11)
Haru Machirenge Kusa (春待ちれんげ草) (1978.06)
Omoide Sake (おもいで酒) (1979.07.25)
Sachiko Shou (幸子抄) (1979.11.28)
Tomarigi (とまり木) (1980.04.25)
Futari wa Hitori (ふたりはひとり) (1980.07.25)
Sachiko, Natsumero wo Utau (幸子、懐メロを唄う) (1980.08.10)
Are kara Ichi-nen tachi mashita (あれから一年たちました) (Unknown 1980)
Koga Masao Melody Shū (古賀政男メロディー集) (1980.12.23)
~ Ushiro Kage (~うしろかげ) (1981.04.25)
[Mayoi Tori] Yusen Standard Hit (「迷い鳥」有線スタンダードヒット) (Unknown 1981)
Original Hit All Songs Collection: From Omoide Sake to Mayoi Tori (オリジナル・ヒット全曲集〜おもいで酒から迷い鳥まで〜) (Unknown 1981)
Nakase yagatte kono yarou -Hoshino Tetsurō Original- (泣かせやがってこのやろう -星野哲郎オリジナル-) (Unknown 1982)
Enka Million Hit wo Utau (演歌ミリオンヒットを唄う) (Unknown 1982)
82 Best Hit Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushu ('82ベストヒット 小林幸子全曲集) (Unknown 1982)
Futatabi no' (ふたたびの) (Unknown 1983)
'77~'83 Kobayashi Sachiko Daisenshuu ('77〜'83小林幸子大全集) (Unknown 1983)
Moshi kashite (もしかして) (1984.04.25)
Moshi kashite Part 2 Sachiko Best Selection (もしかしてPARTII 幸子ベストセレクション) (1984.11.28)
Hito Bantomete ne Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyoku shū (ひと晩泊めてね 小林幸子全曲集) (1985.04.25)
Enka no Kado (演歌の花道) (1985.11.28)
Betsuri (別離) (1986.04.25)
Tsuyakashou Sachiko Kobayashi on Stage (艶華抄 小林幸子オン・ステージ) (1986.12.10)
Yuki Tsubaki Enka Hit Collection (雪椿・演歌ヒット集) (1987.11.10)
Geino Seikatsu 25th Anniversary Hishou (芸能生活25周年記念 飛翔) (1988.09.10)
Tsuyaka Ryoran: New Best Hit (艶華撩乱 〜最新ベスト・ヒット〜) (1989.09.10)
Kokyou: Original Best (故郷 〜オリジナル・ベスト〜) (1990.06.25)
Sachiko Kobayashi '90 Live in Nakano Plaza: Hana kara Hana e (小林幸子'90ライヴイン中野プラザ 〜花から華へ〜) (1990.12.21)
Tenmeimoyu: '91 Sachiko Senkyoku Hit Collection (天命燃ゆ 〜'91幸子選曲ヒット集〜) (1991.06.25)
Fuyu Kesho: Original Best (冬化粧 〜オリジナルベスト〜) (1991.12.10)
Sachiko Kobayashi Zenkyoku Shu Part 1 (小林幸子全曲集パートI) (1992.10.25)
Sachiko Kobayashi Zenkyoku Shu Part 2 (小林幸子全曲集パートII) (1992.12.05)
Geino Seikatsu 30-nen Kinen Daizenshu Sachi (芸能生活三十周年記念大全集 幸) (1993.06.25)
Jikan wo kasanete Kobayashi Sachiko 30-shūnen Kinen Rectial (時間をかさねて 小林幸子30周年記念リサイタル) (1993.10.21)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushu: Ame no Yatai Sake (小林幸子全曲集 雨の屋台酒) (1994.06.25)
Haha hitori: Aijō no Tamatebako (母ひとり 〜愛情の玉手箱〜) (1995.12.21)
Sachiko Kobayashi's Original New Best: Echigo Jouwa (小林幸子オリジナル ニュー・ベスト 越後情話) (1996.10.19)
Sachiko Kobayashi's Best Selection (小林幸子ベストセレクション) (1996.10.25)
Kobayashi Sachiko Tokusenshu: Echigo Jouwa (小林幸子特選集 越後情話) (1997.05.21)
Kobayashi Sachiko Shiawase (小林幸子全曲集 幸せ) (1997.10.04)
Kobayashi Sachiko Tokusenshū Ametsuki Densetsu (小林幸子特選集 雨月伝説) (1998.04.21)
Kobayashi Sachiko Bugi wo Utau: Music Producer: MIYAGAWA YASUSHI (小林幸子ブギを唄う 〜音楽プロデュース：宮川泰〜) (1998.06.05)
Kashu Seikatsu 35-Shūnen Kinen Twin Pack, Kobayashi Sachiko: Ametsuki Densetsu (歌手生活35周年記念ツイン・パック小林幸子 雨月伝説) (1998.08.01)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushu Ugetsu Densetsu (小林幸子全曲集 雨月伝説) (1998.11.21)
Sachiko Kobayashi Golden Best (小林幸子ゴールデンベスト) (1999.02.20)
Kobayashi Sachiko Tokusenshu: Yancha Sake (小林幸子特選集 やんちゃ酒) (1999.05.01)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushuu '99 Yancha Sake (小林幸子全曲集'99 やんちゃ酒) (1999.08.21)
Enka Meikyoku-sen -Nakase Ame- (演歌名曲選 -泣かせ雨-) (2000.02.19)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushuu 2000 Nakase Ame (小林幸子全曲集2000 泣かせ雨) (2000.09.01)
Tokusen Best Kobayashi Sachiko Ryūhyō Aika (特選ベスト小林幸子 流氷哀歌) (2001.01.20)
Twin Pack Kobayashi Sachiko Ryūhyō Aika (ツイン・パック小林幸子 流氷哀歌) (2001.04.21)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Yume no gai te: Jigosen no yume (小林幸子全曲集 夢の涯て 〜子午線の夢〜) (2001.11.21)
Sachiko Kobayashi Golden Best (小林幸子ゴールデンベスト) (2002.04.20)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushu: Yuki Nakiyoru (小林幸子全曲集 雪泣夜) (2002.10.19)
Columbia Otoku-ban Series: Sachiko Kobayashi (コロムビア音得盤シリーズ 小林幸子) (2002.12.04)
Geinō Seikatsu 40th Anniversary Album: Album Kujaku (芸能生活40周年記念アルバム 孔雀) (2003.06.05)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Haruzemi (小林幸子全曲集 春蝉) (2003.10.22)
Kobayashi Sachiko Tokusenshū Isoshigi (小林幸子特選集 いそしぎ) (2004.05.19)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Isoshigi (小林幸子全曲集 いそしぎ) (2004.10.20)
Sachiko Kobayashi Special Best (小林幸子スペシャルベスト) (2005.07.20)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Echigo Zesshō (小林幸子全曲集 越後絶唱) (2005.10.19)
Sachiko Kobayashi Golden Best (小林幸子ゴールデンベスト) (2006.06.21)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Oedo Kenka Hana (小林幸子全曲集 大江戸喧嘩花) (2006.10.18)
Kobayashi Sachiko Meikyoku-sen Koi Sakura (小林幸子名曲選 恋桜) (2007.07.04)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Koi Sakura (小林幸子全曲集 恋桜) (2007.10.17)
Sachiko Kobayashi Golden Best (小林幸子ゴールデンベスト) (2008.06.18)
Geinō Seikatsu 45th Anniversary Album: Kizuna (芸能生活45周年記念アルバム 絆) (2008.10.01)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū: Rōran (小林幸子全曲集 楼蘭) (2008.11.19)
Super Best (スーパーベスト) (2009.05.20)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Manyōkoiuta ā, Kimi matsu to (小林幸子全曲集 万葉恋歌 ああ、君待つと) (2009.10.21)
Sachiko Kobayashi Hit Song Collection 2010 (小林幸子ヒット曲集2010) (2010.06.23)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Kāchan no Hitori Gen (小林幸子全曲集 母ちゃんのひとり言) (2010.10.20)
Kobayashi Sachiko Endō Jitsu o utau (小林幸子 遠藤実を唄う) (2011.03.23)
Sachiko Kobayashi's Cover and Original Song Collection: Natsukashi no Hit Kyoku wo Utau (小林幸子カヴァー＆オリジナル曲集 〜なつかしのヒット曲を唄う〜) (2011.03.23)
Kobayashi Sachiko Zenkyokushū Onna no Sakaba (小林幸子全曲集 おんなの酒場) (2011.10.19)
Sachiko Kobayashi Premium Best 2012 (小林幸子プレミアム・ベスト 2012) (2012.05.23)
S (2013.09.04)
K (2013.12.04)
Sachi-Sachi ni shite ageru (さちさちにしてあげる♪) (2014.08.17)
Sachi hen ge (さちへんげ) (2015.08.17)
SACHIKO THE BEST (2016.12.26)
PINSPOT ～Sachiko's Night Club～ (2018.07.04)

Other songs
"Poketto ni Fantajī" (Ending for Pokémon: Original Series Chapter 1: Sekiei Rīgu), sung with Juri Ihata)
"Pokémon Ondo" (Ending for Pokémon: Original Series Chapter 1: Sekiei Rīgu) & Pokémon: Original Series Chapter 2: Orenji Shōto Hen) sung with Unshō Ishizuka & Kōichi Sakaguchi)
"Yokoso Arks" (Collaboration song for Phantasy Star Online 2, collaborated with Beat Mario)
"Kaze to issho ni" (Ending for  Pokémon Movie 1: Myūtsū no Gyakushū)
"Kaze to issho ni" (Ending for  Myūtsū no Gyakushū EVOLUTION, sung with Shoko Nakagawa)
"Suteki na Korekushon" (from the Pokémon: Kaze to issho ni album), sung with Raymond Johnson
"Torikaekko Purīzu" (from the Pokémon: Torikaekko Purīzu album)

Filmography
Movie
Zatoichi's Revenge (座頭市二段斬り with Shintaro Katsu) 1965
A Certain Killer (ある殺し屋 with Ichikawa Raizō VIII) 1967
Kewaishi (化粧師 KEWAISHI with Kippei Shiina) 2002
Devilman (デビルマン) 2004

TV Anime
Pokémon (ポケットモンスター) 1997
Yatterman (ヤッターマン) 2008
Danganronpa: The Animation (ダンガンロンパ) 2013 – "Monokuma Ondo" (モノクマおんど)
VIRTUAL-SAN - LOOKING (バーチャルさんはみている) 2019 - as Virtual Grandmother Sachiko Kobayashi

TV Commercials
Cup Noodles (カップヌードル)
Pippu Erekiban (ピップエレキバン)
Honda Airwave (ホンダ・エアウェイブ) 2007
Toyo Suisan (東洋水産) 2010
Nyanko Daisenso (にゃんこ大戦争) 2014
Niigata-gen; Niigata-gen policeman Tokushu Sagi Higai Boushi Keihatsu "Kiken Sacchi" (新潟県・新潟県警察 特殊詐欺被害防止啓発)「危険さっち」2016
Nissin Cup Noodles (日清食品 カップヌードル) 2016–present
Kirin: Hyoketsu (キリン「氷結」) 2016

TV Dramas
DCU 2022 - as Aki Negishi (ep. 7)

Kōhaku Uta Gassen Appearances
References
External links
Official website
Sachiko Kobayashi at IMDb
Sachiko Kobayashi on Twitter
Sachiko Kobayashi on Facebook
Sachiko Kobayashi on InstagramTurtle Mountain Indian Reservation (Ojibwe language: Mikinaakwajiwing) is a reservation located in northern North Dakota, United States. It is the land base for the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians. The population of the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation consists of Plains Ojibwe (also known in the US as Chippewa) and Métis peoples; the reservation was established in 1882.

Reservation
The main reservation is located in Rolette County, North Dakota. The reservation is six by twelve miles (9.7 km × 19.3 km), and it has one of the highest population densities of any reservation in the United States. It has a land area of 67.583 square miles (175.04 km2) and a 2016 estimated population of 6,369 persons. It also has extensive off-reservation trust lands, which make the reservation's lands the most widely dispersed of all reservations in the nation.These lands are spread across 22 counties in three states: North Dakota, Montana, and South Dakota. Including these lands, the reservation's land area is a total of 233.036 square miles (603.56 km2). Its total resident population at the 2000 census was 8,331.The largest portion of off-reservation trust land is located in Rolette County, with significant parcels in Phillips, Blaine, Sheridan, and Roosevelt counties in Montana; and in Williams County, North Dakota. Sixteen other counties have lesser amounts of trust land.The Turtle Mountains range along what is now the Manitoba and North Dakota border. They consist of a vast spreading of hills, wetlands, and plateaus situated along the border, and are where the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation is located. Despite being named mountains, the Turtle Mountains are a collection of plateaus and hills. The American portion of the plateau is not as extensively covered by a forest as in the Canadian part of the plateau. The forest that covers the plateau is clear evidence that the boreal forest extended much further westward. It is only slightly higher in elevation than the neighboring prairie, about 500 feet (150 m) or more, though there are several prominent points, including Boundary Butte on the plateau's western edge with over 1,000 feet (300 m) of prominence. Many lakes dot the plateau, which is evidence that the area was covered by a large lake in ancient times.

Land status
The main part of the Turtle Mountain Reservation is located in Rolette County, North Dakota. It covers 72 square miles (46,000 acres; 19,000 ha). Another 26,175 acres (10,593 ha) is located in Rolette County, North Dakota, around the Turtle Mountain Reservation. Total acres in Rolette County are 72,255 acres (29,241 ha). Another 6,698 acres (2,711 ha) is managed by the Trenton Agency. Much of the Trenton land is in Montana. The remaining land, totaling 67,852 acres (27,459 ha), is located primarily in Montana, with small parcels in North Dakota and South Dakota. It is one of a few Native American reservations that protected its lands against white settlement. The total area of the Turtle Mountain Reservation is 146,805 acres (229.383 sq mi; 59,410 ha).

History
In the early 19th century (around 1810–1820), Chippewa and Metis warriors battled with white fur trade companies over sensitive issues. These issues included whites trespassing on Indian land and disagreements over the lucrative pemmican. Pemmican was vital to both the Chippewa and to the white fur trade companies. The Pemmican War was fought over the lucrative pemmican trade. The Battle of Seven Oaks was the major battle of the war.Historians claim the Chippewa still controlled nearly 10 million acres (4,000,000 ha; 16,000 sq mi) in 1892. In the late 1880s, the United States sent representatives to chief Little Shell III and his councilors, to negotiate a deal for the acreage still owned by them. Chief Little Shell III was living in Montana and was not pleased about the issue. The negotiations continued on for several years and finally ended in 1891, when the United States selected 32 Chippewa leaders to negotiate and sign the McCumber Agreement. That occurred in 1892.In 1882, the Turtle Mountain Reservation was established; it was originally much larger than today. In 1884, the United States reduced the size of the Turtle Mountain Reservation to two townships or 46,080 acres (18,650 ha). The Chippewa ceded much of their land before the reservation was established.Chief Little Shell III ceded the land in exchange for a large reservation that bordered the Fort Peck Reservation in Montana. During the negotiations over the 10 million acres in the early 1890s, the Chippewa leader and the United States government could not come to agreement. The United States forced chief Little Shell III and several hundred of his supporters off the reservation rolls, making them landless.Throughout the mid-1860s, the bison population experienced a decline. Bison were a crucial resource for Métis populations, being important in the ways of life and the economy, as it was often sold and traded. This decline in bison numbers negatively impacted the Métis of Turtle Mountain. Many Plains Ojibwa moved to Turtle Mountain in the eighteenth century. This caused tensions between Métis and Plains Ojibwa, as they had to share these lands. Differences in histories and relations sparked tensions between the two groups. Although having tensions in some areas, Plains Ojibwa and Métis shared similar political goals for the future such as the goal to create a reservation that would be federally recognized and gaining recognition, on a federal level, of a political identity. In February 1876, a document written by the Chippewa Indians of Turtle Mountain was signed by Little Shell III. This addressed the three points in political discussions with the federal government. These included the establishment of a reservation, the request to be politically recognized and the ability to sell land. As the resources available on the land were diminishing as a result of settler encroachment, the population of Turtle Mountain wanted the option to sell land. The year 1876 saw the implementation of a bill that would create a reservation for the lands claimed by Métis and Ojibwa. By 1882, there was increasing violence between the people of Turtle Mountain and white settlers, as settlers continued to encroach on Turtle Mountain. The United States federal government began interfering with the lives of the population of Turtle Mountain and forced them to pay federal taxes.In March 1884, President of the United States Chester Arthur reduced the size of the reservation to six by twelve miles. It still has these same dimensions today. This reduction was a 90 percent decrease in the size of the land, causing dissent among the people of Turtle Mountain. Through sentiments of disappointment due to the large reduction of land size, Metis and Plains Ojibwa were brought together, however still had some divisions in goals.In 1892, discussion by the United States federal government led to the political assimilation of Plains Ojibwa and Métis; they were now seen as one political group. They remained two distinct groups towards each other despite the federal government's decision. As a result of the Northwest resistance, many Métis of Saskatchewan went to Turtle Mountain to stay with relatives, increasing both numbers and tensions on the reservation. Those living on the reservation did not have adequate space and the overcrowding caused a faster decline in the resources available on the land, resulting in deaths due to starvation and disease. Harsh climates on the reservation made the living conditions very difficult. Cold winters and dry summers made agriculture very difficult and the numbers of bison declined rapidly. This reduction of available resources caused further tension between Métis and plains Ojibwa.

McCumber Agreement
In 1904, an agreement was put into effect between the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians and the government of the United States. This became the McCumber Agreement and was signed by the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians in 1905. The McCumber Agreement stated that the people of Turtle Mountain would sell the land of the reservation of a price of $1 million. As this was not considered to be a great deal of money, it was also named the "Ten Cent Treaty". There was much resistance from the people of Turtle Mountain towards the implementation of this agreement. Little Shell III was the leader of the Plains Ojibwe, but his authority was diminishing, as he was unable to address all of the issues that were occurring in the community stemming from the agreement. Little Shell III had a large presence in the resistance of the agreement, which lessened somewhat following his death in 1900. In 1920, the population of Turtle Mountain formed a committee to sue the United States for the failures of the McCumber Agreement. According to the committee, the federal government took 10 million acres of land at 10 cents per acre and created a reservation with diminishing resources, with no improvements being made to crowded living conditions, starvation, poverty, and disease.

Constitution
In 1932, a tribal constitution was implemented on Turtle Mountain, 27 years after the signing of the McCumber Agreement. The people of Turtle Mountain were informed that the implementation of this constitution would make their claims clear to the federal government. The constitution ended up giving much power to the United States federal government. As a result of this, the constitution was not accepted by the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians, as in their view it did not respect the community. In 1934, the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians were against the establishment of a new constitution by the Indian Reorganization Act. The Indian Reorganization Act was still passed in 1934, two years after the establishment of the constitution, claim that its goals were to reestablish tribal governments.The population of Turtle Mountain is still governed by the same 1932 constitution. This constitution was deemed ineffective and not compliant with the needs of the people of Turtle Mountain. In 1946, claims were filed with the Indian Claims Commission, and despite the slow process, the people of Turtle Mountain won a claim surrounding the impacts they faced as a result of the McCumber Agreement. Despite this, poor living conditions on the reservation persisted and the average household income on the reservation remained far below that of the rest of North Dakota. A vote in 2002 rejected a new constitution, and another vote the following year in 2003 resulted in an even greater rejection of a new constitution.

Selkirk Concession
In 1811, the Selkirk Concession was issued by the Hudson's Bay Company to Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk. It covered a large area of land in central Canada and northern United States including parts of eastern Saskatchewan, southern Manitoba, northwestern Ontario, northern Minnesota, eastern North Dakota, and northeastern South Dakota. The Turtle Mountains were within the land area of the Selkirk Concession.

Trenton Indian Service Area
An agency of the Turtle Mountain Reservation, the Trenton Indian Service Area was established in the 1970s to manage the Chippewa land allotments in northeastern Montana and northwestern North Dakota. Only one community is affiliated with the Trenton Indian Service Area and that is Trenton, North Dakota. Around 500 people live in Trenton, which is an unincorporated community. Trenton is only a few miles from Montana. The Trenton Indian Service Area does not manage all the Turtle Mountain Chippewa land allotments. Fort Peck Agency manages some, as does the Fort Belknap Agency, Northern Cheyenne Agency, and the Cheyenne River Agency of South Dakota.

Grahams Island
Grahams Island is a part of the Turtle Mountain Reservation. It lies some 60 miles (97 km) from the Turtle Mountain Reservation, but much of the island was allotted to Turtle Mountain Chippewas. The island is located on the north side of Devils Lake near the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation. Much of the island is covered by forest. The island was the location of Chief Little Shell I's village in the very early 1800s. Other Turtle Mountain land allotments are located in Liberty County, Montana, west of the Rocky Boy Reservation and 47 miles (76 km) from the Blackfeet Reservation.

Communities
Several Chippewa settlements are located on and around the small reservation. East Dunseith is located on the plateau, surrounded by forest and many lakes. Shell Valley is located in the extreme southwestern part of the reservation. Like East Dunseith, Shell Valley is located on off-reservation trust land. Belcourt is situated on the southeastern edge of the plateau, with forest to the east, north and west of the CDP. Many lakes are also located around Belcourt.Dunseith is not on the reservation but is also predominantly Indian, even moreso than St. John. Just east of Belcourt is an area formerly known as Turtleville that had over 100 housing units in 1997, though most if not all of these were eventually torn down. More than 70 housing units were subsequently rebuilt as Kent's Addition, named after Senator Kent Conrad, who helped gain funding for the housing project.Directly south of Kent's Addition is another area where a large number of housing units are located called Green Acres Housing. The area has around 33 housing units.East Dunseith Housing (not to be confused with East Dunseith) may have up to 80 housing units. East Dunseith Housing is just under a mile east of Dunseith. The population of East Dunseith may be between 240 and 320.
Belcourt, North Dakota
East Dunseith, North Dakota
East Dunseith Housing, North Dakota
Green Acres, North Dakota
Kent's Addition
Shell Valley, North Dakota (most, population 395)

Economy
Turtle Mountain Reservation economic conditions are largely centered on government. The government of the Turtle Mountain Reservation employs 854 people. The government jobs include federal, state, and local agencies, as well as schools on the reservation. The reservation government also owns the Turtle Mountain Manufacturing Company, which has an employment force of 186. Another tribally owned company is Uniband, who employs 350 people in the Belcourt region. Other large employers on the Turtle Mountain Reservation include Indian Health Service employing 215 people, and the Turtle Mountain Community College employing 60 people. The local tribal casino, owned by the Turtle Mountain Reservation government, has a workforce of 300 people.

In the private sector, it is estimated that there are at least 135 Indian-owned businesses on and around the Turtle Mountain Reservation. According to the 2000 census, 8,331 people were living on the Turtle Mountain Reservation with an unemployment rate near 50 percent. The estimated 2000 employment force was 5,222, with 2,748 employed and 2,474 unemployed. The per capita annual income was near $12,000, and the poverty rate was at 38%.According to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the unemployment rate of the Turtle Mountain Reservation in 2010 was 69.25 percent. In that same year, approximately 40 percent of families living on the reservation were living below the poverty line. Due to a difficult local labor market, many families had issues relocating from the reservation into nearby cities, resulting in the eventual return of 45 percent of those leaving the reservation.

Education
Belcourt School District (Turtle Mountain Community School) is the local school district, jointly operated with the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE).

Climate
Climate conditions on the Turtle Mountain Reservation are extreme. Winters are long and cold. Average winter lows at Belcourt during December, January, and February are −4, −11, and −6 °F (−20, −24, and −21 °C). Average high temperatures for the same months are 16, 11, and 17 °F (−9, −12, and −8 °C). Summers are short and warm, with average high temperatures for June, July, and August at Belcourt of 72, 78, and 76 °F (22, 26, and 24 °C). Average summer low temperatures are relatively cool at Belcourt; the average low temperatures for June, July, and August are 47, 52, and 48 °F (8, 11, and 9 °C). Average precipitation at Belcourt is near 18 inches (46 cm). The region might be included as being in Tornado Alley.

Notable residents
Thomas Little Shell, resisted the McCumber agreement and was leader of Plains Ojibwe. He left his Montana home and moved to the Turtle Mountain Reservation. He died and was buried there in 1901.
Leonard Peltier, a leader of the American Indian Movement, grew up here.
Louise Erdrich, writer, grew up on Turtle Mountain Reservation, and is an enrolled member of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians.
William Jennings Gardner, an American football player, coach, and  a law enforcement agent.
Keith Richotte Jr., a judge on the Turtle Mountain Court of Appeals.

References
Turtle Mountain Reservation and Off-Reservation Trust Land, Montana/North Dakota/South Dakota United States Census Bureau

External links
Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians official site
copies of reservation-pertinent documents
Sitting Bull's Turtle Mountain Grave
Assessment of Groundwater Quality Data for the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation, Rolette County, North Dakota, 1970-2012 United States Geological SurveyCarris is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Bertram Carris (1917–2000), English cricketer
Harold Carris (1909–1959), English cricketer
William Carris (born 1944), American politician

See also
Caris (name)
Carri
Carris Museum, museum in LisbonPediatric plastic surgery is plastic surgery performed on children. Its procedures are most often conducted for reconstructive or cosmetic purposes. In children, this line is often blurred, as many congenital deformities impair physical function as well as aesthetics.
Surgery is defined as treating injuries or conditions with operative instrumental treatment. Plastic is a derivative of the Greek word plastikos, which means "to build up" or "to take form". This is a logical prefix, as parts of the body are remade or reformed during most reconstructive and cosmetic surgical procedures. Children make up roughly 3% of all plastic surgery procedures, and the majority of these procedures correct a congenital deformity.Reconstructive plastic surgery is performed on abnormal structures of the body that are the result of congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors or disease. While reconstructive surgery is most often undertaken to regain normal motor function or prevent current or future health problems, aesthetics is also considered by the surgical team.Cosmetic plastic surgery is defined as a surgical procedure undertaken to improve the physical appearance and self-esteem of a patient. These procedures are usually elective.

Reconstructive plastic surgery
Several of the most common congenital birth defects can be treated by a plastic surgeon operating as an individual, or as a part of a multi-disciplinary team. The most common pediatric birth defects requiring plastic surgeon involvement include:

Cleft lip and/or palate - Babies born with the defect will have opening in the vicinity of the upper lip. The size of the opening reaches anywhere from a small notch to near towards the base of the nostril, in which it would either involve one or both sides of the lip. Worldwide, clefts are estimated to affect 1 in every 700-1000 live births. Roughly 25% of cleft lip and palate cases are inherited from parents, with the other 75% believed to be the cause of a combination of lifestyle and chance factors.
Syndactyly / Polydactyly – The most common of congenital malformations affecting limbs. It is believed that Syndactyly, exhibits in variation, in which digits can be fused either partially or across its entire length, or as simple as only being connected superficially by skin. It affects 1 in every 2,000 – 3,000 live births. Polydactyly is the presence of extra fingers or toes at birth, and is believed to affect somewhere around 2 out of every 1,000 live births. However, it is believed that many cases are so minor that they are taken care of shortly after birth and not reported, so actual statistics may be higher.
Positional Plagiocephaly – IN 1992, to decrease the incidence of SIDS, the American Academy of Pediatrics initiated the “Back to Sleep” campaign, which recommended that babies be put to sleep on their backs. While this almost halved the number of SIDS deaths, the campaign appeared to also help raise plagiocephaly incidence fivefold, to roughly one in sixty live births. Plagiocephaly is simply the flattening of one area of the skull, generally one babies tend to favor as they lie. While treatment is often as simply as repositioning the baby during sleep, in more pronounced cases helmet therapy may be put to use. In most cases, plagiocephaly is quite minor and easily resolved, with many more pediatric plastic surgeons becoming familiar with helmet therapy for more advanced cases.
Craniosynostosis – Much less common, but potentially much more serious than plagiocephaly is craniosynostosis. Craniosynostosis is a congenital abnormality originating from the central nervous system in which one or more of the fibrous joints in the skull close  prematurely. This fusion often requires surgical intervention to reconstruct the skull (see craniofacial surgery) either to bring it back to its normal position or to give it a more natural shape. It is believed that craniosynostosis occurs in 1 out of 1,800 to 2,200 live births, and is often a side effect of an associated syndrome.

Cosmetic plastic surgery
While the majority of pediatric plastic surgery procedures done are reconstructive; there are those performed for cosmetic purposes. The most common procedures done for cosmetic benefit in children include:
Breast augmentation
Male breast reduction
Ear surgery as a result of microtia
RhinoplastyOut of all procedures, nose reshaping generally has the most cases on an annual basis (4,313 procedures in 1996). However, children make up only 9% of the total caseload for all nose reshaping. On the opposite end of the spectrum, children requiring ear surgery accounted for 2,470 procedures in 1996, a total of 34% of all total ear surgeries.
While many of these procedures are done for purely cosmetic benefit, many plastic surgeons work on these features (giving them a more normal appearance), while performing a surgery to improve function as the result of a congenital deformity.

Multi-disciplinary emphasis
With the unique challenges created in the field of plastic surgery, an increasingly popular trend has been to utilize the multi-disciplinary team approach in treatment.
Common conditions involving team treatment include:

Breast problems - Includes gynecomastia (male breast development), macromastia (excessively large breasts), tuberous defects, and breast asymmetry. Often, not only do children with breast conditions suffer from physical problems, but psychological side effects as well. With this knowledge, current multi-disciplinary clinics have arisen including specialists from plastic surgery, nutrition, adolescent medicine, psychology, gynecology, and social work.
Head, Neck, and Skullbase Tumors – Includes angiofibroma, desmoid tumors, fibrosarcomas, hemangiomas, lymphomas and lymphatic malformations, and neuroblastoma. While the bulk of procedures may be left up to neurosurgeons, otolaryngology, and maxillofacial surgery, a multidisaplinary approach is also crucial to minimize scars and maintain a somewhat normal shape and function.
Cleft lip and palate – In cleft lip and palate cases, not are there only hampering physical side effects manifested in the under developed lip and palate, there are also a host of other potential complications. For this reason, CLP children are cared for by a team that may include plastic surgeons or oral and maxillofacial surgeons, speech pathologists, audiologists, densits, orthodontists, and genetics professionals if there is an associated syndrome.
Craniofacial anomalies - Includes craniosynostosis, plagiocephaly, and syndromes associated with these defects. In cases of craniosynostosis where surgical intervention is necessary, the involvement of a team of multi-disciplinary professionals is of utmost importance. Team members often come from departments of plastic surgery, oral and maxillofacial surgery, neurosurgery, audiology, dentistry, orthodontics, and speech and language pathology. These professionals often assist not only in operational procedures, but in developing coordinated care plans for the child throughout their life.
Vascular anomalies – vascular malformations, hemangiomas, and rare vascular tumors. Not only do vascular anomalies have often prominent interior bodily effects; they manifest themselves physically as well. For this reason, the involvement of multiple specialties in coordinating care is of utmost importance. Specialists involve in vascular anomalies and hemangioma care often hail from the disciplines of general surgery, vascular anomalies research, plastic surgery, dermatology, cardiology, hematology/oncology, neurology/neurosurgery, maxillofacial surgery, and otolaryngology. The child needs treatment not only to minimize the physical side effects of a hemangioma or vascular anomalies, but also help in finding out why the tumor is present (if it is in fact a tumor), and developing a course of treatment if necessary.


Asami Imajuku (今宿麻美) is a Japanese fashion model, actress, and singer.

Filmography
Blue (blue) (2003)
Kageuta (陰詩) (2003)
Nine Souls (2003)
Tomie: Beginning (富江 BEGINNING) (2005) as Reiko Matsuhara
Hanging Garden (空中庭園) (2005)
FLOWERS (2005)
Sleeping Flower (2005)
Colors (2006)
Love My Life (2006)
Life (2006)
Tana no sumi (棚の隅) (2006)
Baumkuchen (2006)

Discography
A work of the IMAJUKU nameSingles

Feel Like Makin'(1999)
Chedi EP(1999)
PARADISE(1999)Albums

ibiza(1999)
“cat's cradle”～imajuku remix(1999)
imajuku cafe(2001)A work of the Asami Imajuku name

Compilation album "Wild Flowers"(2001)

External links
etrenne official site
imajuku.com
Asami Imajuku blogLower Beechmont is a locality in the City of Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. It is situated in the Gold Coast hinterland. In the 2016 census, Lower Beechmont had a population of 1,046 people.

Geography
Lower Beechmont is situated on the northern extent of the Lamington Plateau formed by the Lismore/Beechmont Basalt flow from the Tweed Volcano, a large shield volcano.  Beechmont Range, a prominent spur of the McPherson Range which runs through the locality roughly north to south, was created by the erosion of the volcanic shield by the Nerang and Coomera Rivers, and forms the divide between the north and south catchment areas of the Gold Coast hinterland.Beechmont Road runs along the ridge of the range with housing on or close to the road to access the views.  There is little development on the steep mountain sides.  The locality is bordered by the Canungra Military Area to the west, Advancetown Lake catchment reserve to the south-east, and Lower Beechmont Conservation Area to the north.Originally settled as farmland, the area has transformed in recent years to become a dormitory suburb of the Gold Coast as the city has grown westwards.  Local government planning restrictions limit the area to low density housing in order to preserve the bush backdrop of the city.

Indigenous Inhabitants
Lower Beechmont falls within the Yugambeh language region which stretches from the Logan River at Beenleigh, west to Beaudesert and south to the Tweed River. The Yugambeh people are the traditional owners of this area and have had a connection to the land for over 24,000 years. It is believed the area has been inhabited at least 6,500 years prior to European settlement by the Wanggeriburra clan, one of many Yugambeh family groups from the region encompassing the Lamington Plateau, Beechmont, Mundoolun and Tabragalba. Along with the Kombumerri clan, they traveled across the mountains of the Beechmont Range during migrations to and from coastal and inland areas.

History
British settlement of the area started around 1860 with timber getters coming in search of valuable rainforest timbers such as red cedar and white beech trees. The first permanent settlers arrived in 1889 with the establishment of the dairy farming and banana growing.Mr Armitage was an early settler in the area in the 1860s. Armitage Creek is named after him.
Ernest Bellis was a long time resident of the area. In the 1860s he was a 'oxen conductor' working a team of oxen to take timber down to Layhey's sawmill in Canungra. Bellis Creek is named after him.
Lower Beechmont State School was officially opened on 6 October 1922. The school suffered from low student enrollments and was closed a number of times the late 1920s and 1930s However it continued operating until 1967, when it finally closed due to continuing low student numbers. It was located near the intersection of Beechmont Road and Lower Beechmont School Road (approx 28.0641°S 153.2351°E﻿ / -28.0641; 153.2351﻿ (Lower Beechmont State School (former))).Thomas (Tommy) Joseph Tarlington owned a 640-acre (260 ha) property on the northern end of the Beechmont plateau in 1930s, previously owned by Armitage. Tarlington retired to Bega in New South Wales where he died in 1946. The property was sold to Mr Chisholm in 1946 but retained the Tarlington name. Tarlington Pinches was the name given to the section of Beechmont Road, near Elimbah Court, where it descends from the plateau.  The road continues to be narrow and dangerous to this day. Mr Chisholm established a sheep stud in 1953. He also established a goat stud.During the construction of Beechmont Road in 1931, Laurie Hinde and Frankie Berg, who operated a team of horses for the construction, dug a hole in the rock and packed it with soil for a little  bottle tree adjacent to Clagirba Creek on the original alignment of the road.   The tree became a significant landmark for travelers on the mountain for many years until its death in early 2014. A new bottle tree has since been planted by Glenn Brinkman, a resident of Bottletree Lane, at the same location.
A daily mail service was established in September 1947  and a telephone office opened in March 1949.  Despite requests by the local council as early as 1948, electricity was not supplied until 1961.By the late 1960s, rural activities in the area had significantly declined.  Residential development of the area started in the early 1980s and is now the predominate land use.

Amenities
Syd Duncan Park
Syd Duncan Park is a large green expanse situated on the southern side of the rise above Beechmont Road.  The park provides views of the Numinbah Valley and Advancetown Lake, and across to Currumbin and Tallebudgera Valleys.The park was named after Mr Syd Duncan, who operated a dairy farm at the site and donated the land to the council for use as a community park. Mr Duncan had lost everything in a house fire in November 1950  and was substantially assisted by the community to recover.  The park is home to a community-built nature play space, which includes a dry creek bed, timber structures for physical and imaginative play, a tunnels embankment slide, basketball court and more.

Lower Beechmont Conservation Area
The Lower Beechmont Conservation Area is one of the largest conservation areas managed by the Gold Coast City Council. Covering 775 hectares, it is part of the habitat corridor between Canungra and Coombabah and is a critical link between Mount Tamborine and Springbrook.The area was purchased using the Open Space Preservation Levy paid by Gold Coast ratepayers and forms an important piece of the green backdrop of the city. Fauna surveys have revealed the presence of 257 species, including twenty species listed as threatened under State or Commonwealth legislation.The lookout off the end of Freemans Road offers views across the city and out to sea. On clear days it is possible to see out over Moreton Bay and glimpse the buildings of Brisbane.

Community groups
The Beechmountain branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association meet in Lower Beechmont. In the 2019 bushfires, the branch provided a 24/7 service providing 6,000 meals for hundreds of firefighters.The Lower Beechmont Rural Fire Brigade was established in 1986 to protect the local community from the threat of bushfire.  It is made up of local volunteer firefighters is a member of the Rural Fire Service Queensland.

Demographics
In the 2016 census, Lower Beechmont recorded a population of 1,046 people, 49.9% female and 50.1% male.The median age of the Lower Beechmont population was 42 years, 4 years above the national median of 38. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 17.4% of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 14.9% of the population.69% of people living in Lower Beechmont were born in Australia. 
The other top responses for country of birth were England 8.2%, New Zealand 6.4%, South Africa 1.4%, Scotland 1.1% and Germany 1.1%.91% of people spoke only English at home; the next most common languages were German 1.5%, Afrikaans 0.3%, Italian 0.3%, Slovak 0.3% and Japanese 0.3%.

References
External links
"Beechmont and Lower Beechmont". Queensland Places. Centre for the Government of Queensland, University of Queensland.
Beechmont and Lower Beechmont Community Web 
Beechmont Internet ExchangeNational symbols of Peru are the symbols that are used in Peru to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of the cultural life and history. The national symbols of Peru are established by law and part of the Political Constitution of Peru (Article 49).

Official symbols
The official symbols of Peru are established by law and part of the Political Constitution of Peru (Article 49).

Unofficial symbols
Peruvian icons
Icons of Peruvian culture.

See also
List of national animals
List of national anthems
List of national birds
List of national flowers


John Farrell "Big John" Macklin (October 17, 1883 – October 10, 1949) was an American football player, coach of football, basketball, baseball and track and field, and a college athletics administrator.  He served as the head football coach at Michigan Agricultural College, now Michigan State University from 1911 to 1915.  With a five-year record of 29–5, he has the highest winning percentage of any football coach in Michigan State history.  Macklin coached the Michigan State Spartans football team to its first ever victories over Ohio State, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Penn State.  He was also the athletic director at Michigan Agricultural and coached the school's basketball, baseball, and track and field teams.  Macklin tallied marks of 48–38 as head basketball coach (1910–1916) and 52–27 as head baseball coach (1911–1915).

Biography
Early years
Macklin was born in Worcester, Massachusetts and attended Worcester High School.  He played high school football for four years and was also the captain of Worcester's crew.  After graduating from Worcester High School, Macklin attended Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire and then St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, playing football at each school.

Penn
After completing his preparatory education, Macklin enrolled at the University of Pennsylvania.  Macklin grew to be a giant of a man for his time.  He was 6 feet, 7 inches tall and weighed 275 pounds.  When Macklin arrived at Penn, one account indicates there were no uniforms large enough to fit him: "When the big husky appeared on the gridiron the first thing the coaches did was to send for the athletic outfitter, for there was not a suit on the campus that would encompass his frame."  Macklin played two years at the tackle position for Penn's football team. The Chicago Daily Tribune later wrote: "For a big man he was remarkably agile and his tackling on the wings and his quickness in getting through to break up plays was the delight of the coaches."

Coaching career
In 1910, Macklin coached football at a boys' school at Pawling, New York.  Macklin's success at Pawling brought him to the attention of Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State University), which was in need of a new athletic director and coach.  He was hired in January 1911 upon the recommendation of the renowned Penn athletic trainer Mike Murphy.  Macklin was the head coach at Michigan State 1911 to 1915 and compiled a record of 29–5.  His winning percentage of .853 is the highest in the history of the  Michigan State Spartans football program.  Macklin's 1913 Michigan State team finished with an undefeated, untied record of 7–0 and outscored opponents by a combined score of 180 to 28.  Macklin was the first Michigan State coach to lead the Spartans to football victories over Ohio State (35–20 in 1912), Michigan (12–7 in 1913), Wisconsin (12–7 in 1913), and Penn State (6–3 in 1914).  Macklin's 1913 team was also the first racially integrated team in the school's history, as Gideon Smith became the first African-American player for the Spartans.Macklin was also the athletic director and coach of the baseball, men's basketball, and track and field teams.  He coached the basketball team from 1910 to 1916 and compiled a 48–38 (.558) record, including a 12–3 record for 1911–12 season. He coached the baseball team from 1911 to 1915, compiling a record of 52–27 (.658).Macklin retired from coaching in March 1916 to enter the coal mining business in Pennsylvania.

Later years and honors
The Associated Press in 1949 called Macklin "the founding father of the big time at Michigan State College."  When he was hired in 1911, the school was putting on games for $200.  When he left, the school received guarantees of $10,000 for games.  As athletic director, he also led the effort to build new athletic buildings and a modern gymnasium.  In 1935, Michigan State renamed its football stadium Macklin Field in his honor.  At the time, Macklin was a coal mine operator living in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  The name was changed to Macklin Stadium in 1948, and in 1957, Macklin's name was dropped and replaced by the current name, Spartan Stadium.Macklin died at his home in the suburbs of Philadelphia at age 65.

Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
John Macklin at Find a GraveThe Iraqi Republican Assembly is one of the electoral coalitions that participated in the January 30, 2005 National Assembly election in Iraq.
In the Iraqi legislative election, 2005, the Iraqi Republican Assembly received 15,452 votes, or 0.18% of the ballot.Nanami Inoue (井上 奈々朱 Inoue Nanami, born 19 June 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.

Profiles
Clubs
ShimokitazawaSeitoku High School → Denso Airybees (2008-) → Shikoku Eighty 8 Queen (Rental transferring for register:2008-2009)

National team
2008 - 1st AVC Women's Cup

Awards
Individuals
1st AVC Women's Cup : Best Server award

Team
2008 57th Kurowashiki All Japan Volleyball Championship -  Champion, with Denso.
2010 Empress's Cup -  Champion, with Denso.

References
External links
JVA Biography
Denso Official Website ProfileSheaves Cove is a local service district and designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is on the Port au Port Peninsula along the shore of St. George's Bay. There is a small tourist alcove just off the highway (Route 460) where views of the waterfalls and the ocean are visited often.

Geography
Sheaves Cove is in Newfoundland within Subdivision E of Division No. 4.

Demographics
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Sheaves Cove recorded a population of 66 living in 35 of its 41 total private dwellings, a change of -43.6% from its 2011 population of 117. With a land area of 3.15 km2 (1.22 sq mi), it had a population density of 21.0/km2 (54.3/sq mi) in 2016.

Government
Sheaves Cove is a local service district (LSD) that is governed by a committee responsible for the provision of certain services to the community. The chair of the LSD committee is Marilyn Rowe.

See also
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
List of designated places in Newfoundland and Labrador
List of local service districts in Newfoundland and Labrador


David Cohen (born 1968) is a serial entrepreneur and the founder of Pinpoint Technologies, iContact.com, and Earfeeder. He is also an angel investor with a portfolio of more than 100 companies. Cohen is best known as the co-founder of Techstars, a mentorship-based startup accelerator.Cohen delivered the keynote speech at RailsConf2012, a conference dedicated to Ruby on Rails, an open source web application framework for the Ruby programming language.He and Brad Feld co-authored Do More Faster: Techstars Lessons to Accelerate Your Startup.

Early life and education
Cohen was born in 1968 in DeLand, FL.

Early career
Cohen began working as a software engineer in 1991 when he became the Director of Development for Automated Dispatch Services, Inc., where he worked until 1994.Cohen founded Pinpoint Technologies in 1993. He served as its CTO and vice president of research and development. The company developed public safety and EMS dispatch vehicle software. Zoll Medical Corporation acquired Pinpoint Technologies in 1999. Cohen stayed on with the company until 2004.Cohen then founded iContact.com. iContact.com was a social networking service for mobile devices. It is now defunct. In an interview with weblog The Rise to the Top and on his Techstars profile, Cohen refers to this company as "a graceful failure" because it returned 78% of its funding to outside investors. Writing on his blog, Cohen said the company “failed well by deciding to cut our losses before we spent all the money trying to make something happen. The writing was on the wall, so we read it.”In 2006, Cohen founded the music service earFeeder.com. SonicSwap bought earFeeder.com in 2006.

Techstars
Cohen is the founder and co-CEO of Techstars, a startup accelerator program. Cohen co-founded Techstars in 2006 with Brad Feld, Jared Polis, and David Brown. The first program ran in 2007. Cohen designed Techstars to improve the existing system of angel investing and to provide more support to startups. In a speech at the Future of Entrepreneurship Education Summit, Cohen said that he was particularly interested in improving the entrepreneurial ecosystem of Techstars' launch city, Boulder, Colorado. Now, Techstars has dozens of locations globally that accept new startups regularly.The Techstars experience has also been turned into a reality TV show on Bloomberg TV. Techstars invests $118,000 in each of its program startups. The startups also receive mentorship and pitch opportunities during the program. Techstars accepts approximately 1% of applicants. The company focuses on transparency and publishes detailed success and failure information of all companies that have gone through Techstars. Cohen controls four private seed-equity funds. He raised his first $5 million fund in 2009. In 2012, he raised $28 million for a second fund. To date, Cohen has invested in more than 2,500 startups as an angel investor and through Techstars.

Boards
Cohen serves on the Board of Advisors of the Computer Science Department of the University of Colorado. He is on the Entrepreneurship Advisory Board at Silicon Flatirons.

Personal
Cohen is married with three children. In his personal time, Cohen enjoys technology, software startups, and tennis. Cohen lives in Boulder, Colorado.

Works
Cohen is the co-author of Do More Faster with Brad Feld. Do More Faster shares advice for first-time entrepreneurs from the Techstars program. It includes essays from other Techstars mentors and company founders. Cohen also blogs at DavidGCohen.com. The blog focuses on startup and technology topics.In 2012, Cohen delivered the keynote speech at RailsConf2012 and at the inaugural Silicon Prairie Awards. In 2011, he spoke at the Future of Entrepreneurship Education Summit. He has interviewed for the Silicon Flatirons Entrepreneurs Unplugged Series.

References
External links
David G. Cohen
TechstarsThe Special Tasks Unit (Latvian: Speciālo uzdevumu vienība, SUV) is a special operations unit of the National Armed Forces. It was established in September 1991. The unit is specially organized, trained and equipped for the performance of high-danger tasks. The soldiers in the unit continuously train to enhance their professional preparedness and are provided with specialized equipment in order to carry out their tasks efficiently. Their motto is "The brave man wins" (Latvian: Drošais Uzvar).

Structure
Headquarters
Staff Company
Combat Squadron A
Combat Squadron B
Combat Squadron C
Combat Support Squadron
Training SquadronThe Special Tasks Unit consists of trained professional soldiers who are specialized in certain areas (e.g. airborne troops, combat divers, snipers, dog handlers and other).

Mission
The unit is developed in a way, which allows it to provide assistance to state security and law-enforcement institutions in counter-terrorist operations and perform special tasks within the entire range of military operations: defense, attack and detention operations, airborne, sea landing and underwater operations, operations in a special environment (built-up territories, forests, limited visibility conditions, mountains, arctic and cold weather conditions, deserts and hot weather conditions), as well as search and rescue operations in collaboration with the Naval and Air Forces.
The main mission of The Special Tasks Unit is to:

Perform special operations for national defense and security interests;
Participate in counter-terrorist operations;
Perform search and rescue operations on land and sea.

Equipment
The Special Tasks Unit's equipment and weaponry includes the Heckler & Koch MP5, Heckler & Koch G36, Steyr AUG, Glock 17, M249 SAW, L96A1 and many other weapons.

References
National Armed Forces siteSingrauli is a city in Singrauli district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and Commissionaire of Rewa. It lies about 26 kilometres (16 mi) from the district headquarters of Waidhan. It was also the capital of erstwhile princely state of Singrauli.

Demographics
As of the 2011 Census of India, Singrauli had a population of 220,257, of which males were 53.1% and females were 46.9%. Child population (0-6) in urban region was 30,079. Average literacy rate in Singrauli was 75.51%.

References
https://books.google.co.in/books?id=mhD3_1H7B90C&pg=PA793&lpg=PA793&dq=singrauli+kharwar+raja+of+history&source=bl&ots=W3ZOhA0zQY&sig=ACfU3U3SYGfxaiaQvRFhY8QJgwzbCATv4g&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwj8jLaSkLrvAhVqyzgGHW5vC6c4ChDoATAGegQIDBAC#v=onepage&q=singrauli%20kharwar%20raja%20of%20history&f=false

External links
Official websiteSecond Gymnasium Osijek (Croatian: II. gimnazija Osijek) is a high school in Osijek, Croatia.

References
External links
Official website  (in Croatian)Northwestern Trailways based in Spokane, Washington, U.S., is an intercity common carrier of passengers by bus serving Washington and Idaho.

Routes
Spokane to Seattle/Everett/Tacoma via Interstate 90 and Highway 2 over scenic Stevens Pass.
Spokane to Boise via US Highways 195, 95 and 55.

Apple Line
A new 160 mile bus route from Omak, through Wenatchee to Ellensburg was added in 2009 as part of the Travel Washington network.

See also
Trailways Transportation System
Thruway Motorcoach

References
External links
Northwestern Trailways
Apple Lines
TrailwaysThe Anglican Diocese of Bukuru is one of ten within the Anglican Province of Jos, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria. The current bishop is Jwan Zhumbes.


== Notes ==Samuel Davis (1760–1819) was an English soldier turned diplomat who later became a director of the East India Company (EIC). He was the father of John Francis Davis, one time Chief Superintendent of British Trade in China and second governor of Hong Kong.

Early life
Samuel was born in the West Indies the younger son of soldier John Davis, whose appointment as Commissary general there had been signed by King George II in 1759 and countersigned by William Pitt. After his father died, Davis returned to England with his mother (who was of Welsh descent, née Phillips) and his two sisters. He became a cadet of the EIC under the aegis of director Laurence Sulivan in 1788, and sailed for India aboard the Earl of Oxford, which also brought the artist William Hodges to India, arriving in Madras in early 1780.

Bhutan
In 1783, Warren Hastings, the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William (Bengal) assigned Davis "Draftsman and Surveyor" on Samuel Turner's forthcoming mission to Bhutan and Tibet. Unfortunately, the Tibetans (or more probably the Chinese ambans, the de facto authority in Tibet) viewed his "scientific" profession with suspicion and he was forced to remain in Bhutan until Turner and the others returned. Whilst in Bhutan he turned his attention to recording the buildings and landscape of the country in a series of drawings. These were published some 200 years later as Views of Medieval Bhutan: the diary and drawings of Samuel Davis, 1783.

Bhagalpur
On his return from Bhutan, in around 1784 he became Assistant to the Collector of Bhagalpur and Registrar of its Adalat Court. In Bhagalpur he met lawyer and orientalist William Jones who had recently founded The Asiatic Society of which Davis subsequently became a member. The two became firm friends based on their shared love of mathematics while along with another member of The Asiatic Society, Reuben Burrow, Davis studied astronomical tables obtained by the French astronomer Guillaume Le Gentil, French Resident at the Faizabad court of Shuja-ud-Daula who in turn had obtained them from Tiruvallur Brahmins on the Coromandel Coast. The tables showed accurate Indian scientific knowledge of astronomy dating back to the third century BCE. As part of his research, Davis also learned Sanskrit and Hindi. For the next ten years, Jones and Davis carried on a running correspondence on the topic of jyotisha or Hindu astronomy. While in Bhagalpur, Davis also met landscape artist Thomas Daniell and his nephew William whom he encouraged to visit the Himalayas. In 1792 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.

Burdwan and Benares
Davis' next appointment was as Collector of Burdwan, a town in the Bengal Presidency. He then spent 1795–1800 in Benares (now Varanasi), this time as Magistrate of the district and city court. Benares was also home to former ruler of Oudh State, Wazir Ali Khan, who had been forcibly deposed by the British in 1797. In 1799, the British authorities decided to remove Ali Khan further from his former realm and as a result rioting broke out. Davis singlehandly defended his family by shepherding them to the roof of his residence and defending the single access point with a pike. The incident was the subject of a book by his son, John F. Davis, entitled Vizier Ali Khan or The Massacre of Benares, A Chapter in British Indian History published in london in 1871.

Later career
During the remainder of his stay in India, Davis held a succession of more senior positions including Superintendent-General of Police and Justice of the Peace at Calcutta, member of the Board of Revenue and Accountant-General of India. He resigned from the civil service in February 1806 and after a stop at St. Helena to engage in his love for painting, arrived back in England in July the same year.

He was elected a director of the EIC in October at the instigation of President of the Board of Control, Henry Dundas and to the latter's disgust, acted independently thereafter until his death in 1819."At the time of the renewal of the [company's] Charter in 1814, the Committee of the House of Commons entrusted him [Davis] with the task of drawing up, in their name, the memorable "Fifth Report on the Revenues of Bengal", which remains a monument of his intimate acquaintance with the internal administration of India"

Personal life
While in Burdwan, Davis married Henrietta Boileau, who was from a refugee French noble family who had come to England in the early eighteenth century from Languedoc in the South of France. She was the first cousin of John Boileau, 1st Baronet of Tacolnestone Hall in Norfolk. The couple went on to have four sons and seven daughters. Their eldest son John Francis Davis, became second Governor of Hong Kong followed by Lestock-Francis and Sullivan, both of whom died in India in 1820 and 1821 respectively. Their daughters were as follows:
Henrietta-Anne, who married Henry Baynes Ward in 1821.
Anne, who married Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Dundas Campbell in 1827
Maria–Jane, who married Lieutenant Colonel John Rivett-Carnac, RN in 1826.
Elizabeth, who married Sir Henry Willock, KLS.
Frances, who died in 1828.
Alicia, who married the Reverend John Lockwood, rector of Kingham in 1832.
Julia, who in 1839 married John Edwardes Lyall, Advocate-General of Bengal, who died in 1845 of cholera.

Death
Davis died on 16 June 1819 at Birdhurst Lodge near Croydon in Surrey, which is believed to have been his country home.

References
Bibliography
Davis, Samuel; Aris, Michael (1982). Views of Medieval Bhutan: the diary and drawings of Samuel Davis, 1783. Serindia.
Markham, Clements (1876). Narratives of the Mission of George Bogle to Tibet and of the Journey of Thomas Manning to Lhasa. London: Trübner & Co., Ludgate Hill.

External links
 Media related to Samuel Davis (orientalist) at Wikimedia CommonsJian Renzi (Chinese: 菅纫姿; born 19 October 1991), also known as Joyce Jian, is a Chinese actress. She is known for her roles in My Sunshine (2015) and Game of Hunting (2017).

Early life and education
Jian was born 19 October 1991 in Shenyang, Liaoning, China. She graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in 2014.

Career
Jian started her acting career in 2014 with the movie Fantasia. In the same year she started to gain popularity for her role in The Romance of the Condor Heroes. In 2015 she rose to fame starring as He Yimei in the television show My Sunshine. The show was a huge success in China gaining over 10 billion views online and won Audience's Favorite TV Series (Dragon TV) at the 1st China Television Drama Quality Ceremony.In 2017, she starred alongside Hu Ge in the TV show Game of Hunting. Jian gained popularity due to the show and received positive reviews for her performance. She was cast in the wuxia drama Wen Tian Lu, and spy drama Autumn Cicada.In 2018, Jian starred in the workplace drama Partners.

Filmography
Film
Television series
References
External links
Jian Renzi at IMDb 
Jian Renzi at the Hong Kong Movie DataBaseThe Cathedral of Mren is a 7th-century Armenian church in an abandoned medieval town site called Mren. It is located in the Kars region of Turkey, near the border with Armenia, about 1.5 km west of the Akhurian River.

The church of Mren is a domed triple-nave basilica, believed, on the basis of an inscription on its west facade and on stylistic features, to have been built 631–639. It was built by David Saharuni, an Armenian ally of the emperor Heraclius, to celebrate the latter's entry into Jerusalem in 628.

See also
Odzun Church, an architecturally similar and contemporaneous three-nave basilica with dome in Odzun, Armenia

Further reading
Kouymjian, Dickran. "Index of Armenian Art: Armenian Architecture - Mren". Armenian Studies Program. California State University, Fresno. Archived from the original on 2008-06-20.
Maranci, Christina, "New Observations on the Frescoes at Mren," Revue des Études Arméniennes 35 (2013): 203–225.
Thierry, Michel and Nicole, "La cathédral de Mren et sa decoration," Cahiers Archaéologiques 21 (1971): 43–77.

External links
The Cathedral of Mren on VirtualAni.org
The Cathedral of Mren on Gagik Arzumanyan's photo gallery
Mren Cathedral at the Rensselaer Digital Collections
3D model of MrenAlisha Rai is an American author of contemporary, erotic, and paranormal romance novels. She advocates for greater diversity in the romance genre.

Career
Prior to becoming a romance author, Rai worked as a lawyer. She began publishing her work in 2009, focusing on e-publishing. She shopped her books to traditional publishers, but she was repeatedly told that romances with non-white characters would not sell. Over her career, she expanded into different publishing methods. Her Forbidden Hearts series and her novel The Right Swipe are published through Avon Romance. Rai's book Serving Pleasure, was the first self-published book to appear on The Washington Post's annual list of best books of the year.Rai includes protagonists from a variety of ethnicities. Her writing also explores the spectrum of sexual identity.Rai is a vocal participant in the discussion of misrepresentation and under representation of minorities in traditionally published romance. During a racially charged dispute involving Romance Writers of America (RWA), Rai's comments on Twitter were widely quoted as a demonstration of the romance community's dissatisfaction with the organization. She was among a group of best-selling romance authors that demanded the resignation of Damon Suede, the RWA president-elect during the controversy.Rai has been on the receiving end of online harassment.

Themes
Rai's book The Right Swipe explores aspects of modern dating, specifically online dating and dating apps, along with the contentious research into the effect of concussions on athletes. The book includes feminist and intersectional elements, with the heroine being a woman of color who is a CEO of a Silicon Valley company that employs a work force made up largely of women.

Personal life
Rai is of South Asian descent.Rai began creating stories at the age of 13.

Bibliography
Awards
2015 - Serving Pleasure - Washington Post Best Romance Novels of 2015
2017 - Hate to Want You - Entertainment Weekly's 10 best romance novels of 2017

References
External links
Official websitePhlaocyon minor is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the Miocene-Oligocene (Arikareean NALMA, more than 20 million years ago) of the United States (Wyoming, South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, and Texas.)The type specimen of P. minor is a partial maxilla, a partial dentary, and limb fragments found in Oglala Lakota County, South Dakota (43.3°N 102.5°E﻿ / 43.3; 102.5: paleocoordinates 44.1°N 97.4°W﻿ / 44.1; -97.4).  Wang, Tedford & Taylor 1999 referred half a dozen other specimens to P. minor, including a nearly complete skull and a mandible from Wyoming.P. minor is the most basal member of Phlaocyon but it can still be distinguished from more primitive borophagines such as Archaeocyon, Rhizocyon, and Cynarctoides.   Characters placing it in Phlaocyon includes robust and shortened premolars, a quadrate first upper molar, and widened talonid on the first lower molar.  Characters unique to P. minor include the double temporal crests and the elongated lower second molar.

References
Notes


=== Sources ===This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Macoupin County, Illinois.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Macoupin County, Illinois, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted March 4, 2022.

Current listings
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places listings in Illinois


Les Mains libres is a 2010 French drama film directed by Brigitte Sy. It stars Ronit Elkabetz, Carlo Brandt, and Noémie Lvovsky. It was released theatrically in France on 16 June 2010. It is a feature-length prequel to Sy's 2008 short film, L'Endroit idéal.

Plot
Barbara (Elkabetz) is a filmmaker developing a film written and acted by prison inmates in Paris. She defies legal boundaries, unleashing a series of consequences when she forms a deep romantic relationship with Michel (Brandt), an inmate involved in the film project.

Cast
Ronit Elkabetz as Barbara
Carlo Brandt as Michel
Noémie Lvovsky as Rita
Camille Figuereo as Chloé
Adama Doumbia as Roel
Denis Maréchal as Fifi
Gurgon Kyap as James
Abdelhafid Metalsi as Mouloud
Xavier Legrand as Laurent
Ahmed M'Hemdi as Bouda
François Négret as Sergueï
Alain Ollivier as Le directeur de la prison
Sasha Andres as Marie-Pierre
Dominique Frot as The judge
Brigitte Sy as The blond

Reception
Thomas Baurez of L'Express, described it as "intelligent, gracious and humble.. a love story of the purest sense of the term." Lucie Calet of Le Nouvel Observateur, continued that it is a "Greek tragedy" of "great dignity." Le Figaro praised the depiction of the tangible reality of the film as well as Eliabetz' superb and dark performance, evoking traits of the Madonna.The film was warmly received by The New Yorker; "with calm and nuanced images, Sy captures emotionally unguarded characters locked in the gaze of prying eyes; with brusque, quiet action and incisive, tight-lipped dialogue, she sets a gripping plot in motion while keeping it close to the heart."

References
External links
Les Mains libres at IMDb
French radio interview with Ronit ElkabetzRichard Shawn Slocum (born February 21, 1965) is an American football coach who was the special teams coach for the  Green Bay Packers of the National Football League and is currently the Associate Head Coach/Special Teams Coordinator/Outside Linebackers Coach at Arizona State University.

Early life and college career
Born in Monticello, Arkansas, Slocum graduated from Bryan High School in Bryan, Texas in 1983 and attended Texas A&M University, where he played football as a linebacker and was a member of the 12th Man Kickoff Team under coach Jackie Sherrill. Slocum earned one letter with the team in 1984. He graduated with a B.S. in construction management in 1987 from the Texas A&M College of Architecture.

Coaching career
Slocum started his coaching career as a volunteer assistant at Texas A&M, under his father R. C. Slocum. In 1990, Shawn served as a graduate assistant at the University of Pittsburgh, coaching the defense. He returned to coaching at Texas A&M, coaching tight ends, linebackers, and special teams from 1991 to 1997. From 1991 to 1993, Slocum helped the Aggies win three straight Southwest Conference championships. During the years 1994-97, he coached two all-Americans, Shane Lechler and Lombardi Award winner Dat Nguyen, who both went on to play for the NFL. During his seven-season coaching tenure at A&M, he assisted the Aggies to five bowl games, including four Cotton Bowl Classic appearances. The Aggie team record was 94-28-2 from 1991–1997. The 94 wins were the sixth in the country and also the greatest wins by any Texas Division I school in any decade. From 1998 to 1999, Slocum coached at the University of Southern California, where he coached Butkus Award winner Chris Claiborne, Zeke Moreno, and Markus Steele. He returned to A&M again and coached the Secondary and special teams from 2000-02. In 2005, he became assistant head coach and linebacker coach at Ole Miss, where he coached star linebacker Patrick Willis.
On February 6, 2006, Slocum joined the Packers, becoming the assistant special teams coach. He got promoted to special teams coordinator on January 14, 2009.The Dallas Morning News ranked the Packers special teams units 29th in 2010 and 31st in 2011.The Packers' special teams units were ranked 12th in 2012 and 20th in 2013 by the Dallas Morning News.On January 30, 2015, the Packers fired Slocum.On March 2, 2015, Slocum joined Todd Graham's coaching staff at Arizona State University as associate head coach, special teams coordinator, and outside linebackers coach.On January 9, 2018, Slocum was retained as Sun Devils special teams coordinator and associate head coach.

Personal life
His father R. C. Slocum was head coach for Texas A&M from 1989 to 2002 and is the winningest coach in Texas A&M football history. R. C. Slocum was a tight end at McNeese State when Shawn was born. Shawn Slocum has been an assistant coach at Texas A&M under R. C. Slocum.Shawn Slocum is currently married to the former Michelle Biehl and has four children (daughters, Tayler, Jordyn, Haley and son Jaxon) from a previous marriage.

References
External links
Packers' bioWrapped Tight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins, featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label.

Reception
In his review at Allmusic.com, Scott Yanow gave the album 4 stars, stating, "Hawkins's last strong recording finds the veteran, 43 years after his recording debut with Mamie Smith's Jazz Hounds, improvising creatively on a wide variety of material... [showing] that the tenor-saxophonist was still coming up with new ideas in 1965".

Track listing
"Marcheta" (Victor Schertzinger) – 3:06
"Intermezzo" (Pietro Mascagni) – 3:37
"Wrapped Tight" (Manny Albam) – 3:30
"Red Roses for a Blue Lady" (Sid Tepper, Roy C. Bennett) – 2:25
"She's Fit" (Coleman Hawkins) – 2:45
"Beautiful Girl" (Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed) – 4:28
"And I Still Love You" (Pauline Rivelli, Ruth Roberts, Stanley Clayton) – 3:14
"Bean's Place" (Buck Clayton, Bob Hammer) – 2:57
"Here's That Rainy Day" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) – 5:24
"I Won't Dance" (Oscar Hammerstein II, Otto Harbach, Jerome Kern) – 3:22
"Indian Summer" (Al Dubin, Victor Herbert) – 5:03
"Out of Nowhere" (Johnny Green, Edward Heyman) – 3:41

Personnel
Coleman Hawkins — tenor saxophone
Bill Berry (tracks 1–3 & 7–10), Snooky Young (tracks 4–6, 11 & 12) — trumpet
Urbie Green — trombone
Barry Harris — piano
Buddy Catlett — bass
Eddie Locke — drums


Lake is an unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Virginia, United States. Lake is on the Coan River, a tidal tributary of the Potomac River.Osman Sonant (born 1 March 1979) is a Turkish actor.
He started his career in 1997 at Bahçelievler Municipal Theatre and was trained by Yılmaz Gruda. In 1998, he continued his career at Ortaoyuncular Nöbetçi Theatre run by Ferhan Şensoy and the next year he enrolled in Istanbul University State Conservatory and eventually graduated with a degree in stage arts studies. After appearing in various plays, movies and TV series, in 2009 he received the Best Supporting Actor award at the 16th Golden Boll Film Festival for his role in Pandora'nın Kutusu. He then portrayed the character of Yavuz in the TV series Leyla ile Mecnun. In 2015, he had a leading role in Onur Ünlü's Beş Kardeş series, portraying the character of Orhan. Sonant has also appeared in the psychological thriller TV series Fi and in 2020 had a leading role in the Netflix historical docudrama Rise of Empires: Ottoman.

Filmography
Television
Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu - Andreas - 2020–
Ya İstiklal Ya Ölüm - Ali Fuat Cebesoy - 2020
Rise of Empires: Ottoman - Loukas Notaras - 2020
Zengin ve Yoksul - Aziz Erdemli - 2019
Ufak Tefek Cinayetler - Kerim Adil Sağlam - 2018–2019
Fi - Sadık Murat Kolhan - 2017
Beş Kardeş - 2015
Ben de Özledim - Himself - 2013
Leyla ile Mecnun - Yavuz - 2011–2013
Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi - Yavuz - 2011
Türk Malı - Suphi/Süpo - 2010
Ustalar, Alimler ve Sultanlar - Mehmed the Conqueror - 2010
Yılan Hikâyesi - Police officer - 2001

Film
Son Takla - Cemil - 2016
Kırık Kalpler Bankası - 2016
Memleket - 2016
İtirazım Var - Cihan Demir - 2014
Yangın Var - Koşman - 2011
Pandora'nın Kutusu - Mehmet - 2008
Kurtlar Vadisi Irak - American Sergeant - 2006

Theatre
Anna Karenina : Leo Tolstoy - Kent Oyuncuları - 2006
The Night Season : Rebecca Lenkiewicz - Kent Oyuncuları - 2005
Hamlet : William Shakespeare - Istanbul City Theatre - 2003

Discography
Awards
23rd Ankara International Film Festival, "Best Actor" (Yangın Var) - 2012
16th Golden Boll Film Festival, "Best Supporting Actor" (Pandora'nın Kutusu) - 2009

References
External links
Osman Sonant at IMDb
Osman Sonant on InstagramOld Friends Archeological Site (also known as RI—703) is an archaeological historical site in Jamestown, Rhode Island.
The site was added in 1995 to the National Register of Historic Places.

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newport County, Rhode Island


Streptomyces aidingensis is a Gram-positive, aerobic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces, which has been isolated from sediments of the Aiding Lake in Tulufan Basin in north-west China.

See also
List of Streptomyces species

References
Further reading
Xia, Z. F.; Ruan, J. S.; Huang, Y; Zhang, L. L. (2013). "Streptomyces aidingensis sp. nov., an actinomycete isolated from lake sediment". International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology. 63 (Pt 9): 3204–8. doi:10.1099/ijs.0.049205-0. PMID 23456804.

External links
Type strain of Streptomyces aidingensis at BacDive -  the Bacterial Diversity MetadatabaseFaro de Vigo is a Spanish daily newspaper for the town of Vigo. It is the oldest Spanish newspaper in circulation. The word "faro" means lighthouse.

History and profile
Faro de Vigo was published for the first time on November 3, 1853 on a small printing house by its founder, Angel de Lema y Marina, at the rúa Olivo in Vigo, "with the idea of defending the general interests of Galicia and, especially, of his hometown". It was initially published twice a week, becoming three times a week from 1 June 1875 and daily from 7 July 1879. Its headquarters are located in Chapela, Redondela, Galicia, Spain.
Since 1986 it has belonged to Prensa Ibérica, a communication group that consists of 14 journalistic mastheads. The publisher of the paper is Faro de Vigo S.A.In 2002, its average daily circulation reached 42,245 copies, certified by the Office of Circulation Certification (OJD). The numbers, as released by the General Study of Media (EGM, first wave 2020), which gave it 194,000 readers a day, put it among the 15 most important Spanish newspapers, and the leader in Southern Galicia.
The staff consists of around 150 workers. The paper prints six daily editions; the one with most diffusion covers Vigo. The others cover Pontevedra, Arousa, Ourense, Morrazo and Deza-Tabeirós-Montes.
The digital edition was introduced in January 1999. In 2020 it was ranked 25th among the most read websites in Spain.

Notable contributors
Xosé Luís Méndez Ferrín
Álvaro Cunqueiro


Hits and Misses is a Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Supermystery crossover novel, published in 1993.

Plot summary
Bess Marvin, friend of Nancy Drew, gets a spot on a national TV talent show, and Nancy is, at first, excited. She then finds an amnesiac who pleads with her to help her, and she agrees, trying to piece together the life she had. Meanwhile, the Hardys try to figure the case of Angelique, a recording star whose account has been the victim of embezzlement. Finding a key link to both cases, the boys and Nancy try to work it out, meeting face-to-face with a murderer.

References
External links
Supermystery series booksEkaterina Nikolaevna Ivanova, née Dorofeeva (1 April 1962, Platovo village, Kurchum district, Kazakh SSR, USSR – 10 October 1994, Kanchenjunga, Himalayas, border of Nepal and India) was a Soviet and Russian mountaineer, Honored Master of Sports of the USSR (1990), the first Soviet mountaineer to conquer Everest (1990).

Life
Ekaterina Dorofeeva was born on 1 April 1962 in Platovo village, Kurchum district, Kazakh SSR, in the foothills of Altai. Her father was a carpenter and her mother was a nurse. Dorofeeva studied at the Kurchum secondary school No. 1 named after Yuri Gagarin. In the first year of study at the Irkutsk Polytechnic Institute Dorofeeva began to engage in mountain tourism and rock climbing. She started mountaineering in 1980 in the Eastern Sayan Mountains, followed by the Caucasus, Pamir and Tien Shan. Constant training, camps and competitions allowed the young athlete to gain experience and soon become one of the best in Irkutsk. In 1983, Dorofeeva became a candidate master of sports in rock climbing. In 1984, she graduated from the Irkutsk Polytechnic Institute with a degree in geological engineering. Dorofeeva married Dmitry Ivanov.
In 1987, Ivanova was included in the USSR team and took part in training camps to prepare for the ascent to Kangchenjunga and in 1989, she became a member of the International (USA, USSR, China) expedition to Mount Everest.On May 10, 1990, Ivanova became famous as the first Soviet woman and the eleventh woman in the world to conquer Everest. Descending from Everest, Ivanova discovered that she had become an honored master of sports. She was awarded the Order for Personal Courage becoming the first athlete to receive this order. The President of the USSR Mikhail Gorbachev and the US President George H. W. Bush congratulated her. Having climbed the Everest Ivanova decided to climb all eight-thousanders of the world.  
On 4 August 1991, she gave birth to a daughter Ulyana.In October 1992, Ivanova ascended Shishapangma, 8027 m, and in 1993 joined Kamchatka expedition to Manaslu. By 1994, Ivanova had climbed three mountains from among the 14 highest in the world.

Death
In the fall of 1994, Ivanova joined the first Belarusian expedition to the third peak of the world – Kanchenjunga (8586 m). An alpinist from Belarus Sergey Zhvirblya became Ivanova's partner. On the night of October 9–10 three out of 12 people in the expedition, including Ivanova, died in an avalanche. After many days of searching,  rescuers couldn't find the bodies of the mountaineers.

Commemoration
A sculptural composition at the Radishchevsky cemetery in Irkutsk, in memory of Ekaterina Ivanova and the climber Pavel Bonadysenko   – a snow leopard on a wild rock.
A memorial plaque in Irkutsk on the house where Ivanova lived (2012)

Awards
Order of Personal Courage (1990)


Rail Alphabet is a typeface designed by Jock Kinneir and Margaret Calvert for signage on the British Rail network. First used at Liverpool Street station, it was then adopted by the Design Research Unit (DRU) as part of their comprehensive 1965 rebranding of the company.A modernised font Rail Alphabet 2 is planned to be used across the Great British Railways network, whilst the double arrow logo will also be restored as the primary brand identifier for the network.
Rail Alphabet is similar to a bold weight of Helvetica, but with some differences in character shapes, stroke width and x-height to aid legibility. The font also has some similarities to Akzidenz-Grotesk, which had earlier provided the same designers the broad inspiration for the Transport typeface used for road signs in the United Kingdom.
The font was designed specifically for signage and the designers included features to support this such as a bespoke letter-spacing system and two slightly different weights to provide optimum visibility on both light and dark backgrounds.

British Rail
In 1949 the Railway Executive decided on standard types of signs to be used at all stations. Lettering was to use redrawn versions of Gill Sans lettering on a background of the regional colour. This style persisted for nearly 15 years.
In the early 1960s, British Rail trialled new signs at Coventry station that made use of Kinneir and Calvert's recently launched Transport typeface. While Transport has since been an enduring success on road signs, it was designed around the specific needs of road users - such as visibility at speed and in all weathers. The subsequent creation of Rail Alphabet was intended to provide a style of lettering more specifically suited to stations where it would primarily be viewed indoors by pedestrians.The Design Research Unit's 1965 rebranding of British Railways included a new logo (the double arrow), a shortened name British Rail, and the total adoption of Rail Alphabet for all lettering other than printed matter including station signage, trackside signs, fixed notices, signs inside trains and train liveries.
Key elements of the rebranding were still being used during much of the 1980s and Rail Alphabet was also used as part of the livery of Sealink ships until that company's privatisation in the late 1980s. However, by the end of the 1980s, British Rail's various business units were developing their own individual brands and identities with use of Rail Alphabet declining as a consequence. The typeface remained in near-universal use for signs at railway stations but began to be replaced with alternatives in other areas, such as in InterCity's 1989 Mark 4 passenger carriages which made use of Frutiger for much of their interior signage.

After British Rail
The privatisation of British Rail from 1994 accelerated the decline in use of the typeface on the railway network with most of the privatised train operating companies who now manage individual stations choosing to use the fonts associated with their own corporate identities for station signs and publicity. More recently, the custom Brunel typeface introduced by Railtrack for signs at major stations and adapted by Network Rail as NR Brunel was recommended as a new national standard for station signs by a 2009 report commissioned by the Secretary of State for Transport, and was used extensively by South West Trains and East Midlands Trains. Meanwhile, Helvetica Medium has replaced Rail Alphabet as the industry's preferred typeface for safety notices within passenger trains due to the ready availability of the former and for consistency with British Standards on general safety signs.Some train operators continued use of Rail Alphabet long into the privatisation era. Arriva Trains Wales used the font until the end of the franchise in 2018, with First Great Western also making extensive use of Rail Alphabet for signage until the firm's rebranding to Great Western Railway in 2015. Merseyrail continues to use the typeface for station signage.
The use of the typeface is also still prescribed by standards for trackside warning signs and safety/operating notices.

Other uses
The National Health Service in England, Scotland and Wales adopted Rail Alphabet for its signs. It is still the dominant typeface used on signs in older hospitals. It ceased to be used in new builds in the late 1990s. NHS England now uses Frutiger, while NHS Scotland uses Stone Sans.Rail Alphabet was widely used on signs by the British Airports Authority and by Danish railway company DSB.Road signs in Iran used Rail Alphabet typeface for English texts.

Digitisation and updates
New Rail Alphabet
In 2009, a newly digitised version of the typeface was publicly released. Created by Henrik Kubel of A2/SW/HK in close collaboration with Margaret Calvert, New Rail Alphabet features six weights: off white, white, light, medium, bold and black, with non-aligning numerals, corresponding italics and a set of Eastern European characters.

Rail Alphabet 2
In 2020, it was announced that Network Rail had commissioned an updated version of the typeface. Designed by Margaret Calvert and Henrik Kubel, Rail Alphabet 2 includes lighter versions of the lettering as well as italics for signage along with accompanying versions for use in printed matter and online.  The redesign also includes new pictograms to depict services and facilities which did not exist in the 1960s when the original font was conceived – such as gender neutral toilets and vaping areas.  In October 2020, Network Rail announced that starting with London Paddington, the updated Rail Alphabet 2 font will replace Brunel for all signage on all Network Rail managed major stations on the network. Network Rail will also begin using the font for corporate communications.
In May 2021, as part of the Williams Rail Review, it was announced that the new government body Great British Railways will introduce Rail Alphabet 2 on the rail network, replacing the many different fonts used on railway signage since privatisation.

See also
Gill Sans – the basis for display lettering, including signs, used by British Railways between 1948 and 1965. Genuine Gill Sans was used for printed matter.
Johnston – the lettering used by London Underground, designed by Edward Johnston.
List of public signage typefaces

References
External links
Commercial release (includes pdf specimen and archive photos)
Flickr photos of Rail Alphabet in useThis is a list of notable footballers who have played for Blackburn Rovers. The aim is for this list to include all players that have played 100 or more senior matches for the club. Other players who are deemed to have played an important role for the club can be included, but the reason for their notability should be included (and sourced) in the 'Notes' column.
For a list of all Blackburn Rovers players with a Wikipedia article, see Category:Blackburn Rovers F.C. players, and for the current squad see Blackburn Rovers F.C.#Current squad.

Explanation of list
Players are listed in chronological order according to the year in which they first played for the club, and then by alphabetical order of their surname. Appearances and goals include substitute appearances, but exclude wartime matches. Further information on competitions and seasons which are regarded as eligible for appearance stats are provided below, and if a player's data is not available for any of these competitions, an appropriate note will be added to the table.

League appearances
League appearances and goals includes data for the following league spells, but does not include test or play-off matches: 

Football League / Premier League: 1888–89 to present

Total appearances
The figures for total appearances and goals includes the league figures together with the following competitions:

Test matches (1897–98)
Play-off matches (1987–88 to 1989–90, 1991–92)
FA Cup; FA Charity Shield (1912–13, 1928–29, 1994–95, 1995–96)
Football League Cup; Full Members Cup (1986–87 to 1991–92); Anglo-Scottish Cup (1975–76 to 1980–81)
UEFA Champions League (1995–96); UEFA Cup (1994–95, 1998–99, 2002–03, 2003–04, 2006–07, 2007–08); UEFA Intertoto Cup (2007–08)

Table
Statistics are up to date as of 8 March 2013.

References

Post-war Football League Player statistics
Soccerbase stats (use Search menu in top right and select 'Players' drop down)
Joyce, Michael (2004). Football League Players' Records 1888 to 1939. Soccerdata. ISBN 1-899468-67-6.Michael James Jacobs (born October 30, 1980) is an American former professional baseball first baseman and current manager for the Beloit Snappers. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Mets, Florida Marlins, Kansas City Royals, and Arizona Diamondbacks.

Career
Minor Leagues
Mike Jacobs graduated from Hilltop High School in Chula Vista and spent one season at Grossmont College in El Cajon, California before being selected by the New York Mets in the 38th round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft.Originally signed as a catcher, Jacobs batted .333 with four home runs and 30 runs batted in his first professional season with the Gulf Coast League Mets. He quickly blossomed into a solid power-hitting prospect and, in 2003, after a successful year with the Double-A Binghamton Mets, won an award.
In May 2004, while playing for the Triple-A Norfolk Tides, Jacobs suffered an arm injury and underwent surgery for a torn labrum, which ended his season prematurely. Because of his injury and mediocre defensive skills behind the plate, when Jacobs returned to Binghamton in 2005, he spent much of the season learning to play first base. He batted .321 with 25 home runs and 93 RBIs while learning his new position and going on to win the MVP award.
On December 18, 2010, Jacobs was signed by the Colorado Rockies  and played for the affiliate triple-A team in Colorado Springs, Colorado. While there, Jacobs was suspended for fifty games after testing positive for HGH. Jacobs was released from the Colorado Rockies on August 18, 2011.

New York Mets
Jacobs made his major league debut with the Mets on August 21, 2005, hitting a three-run pinch-hit home run against Esteban Loaiza of the Washington Nationals in his first ever Major League at-bat. Jacobs rather instantly assumed the position of everyday first baseman and continued to hit, tallying four home runs through three games, during the Mets' 4-game drubbing of the Arizona Diamondbacks. During this stretch the Mets were able to pull within a half-game of the National League Wild Card lead, but faded quickly, dropping two straight games at home to the Philadelphia Phillies and promptly fading out of the race. Jacobs continued to play well, increasing his stock as a trade chip by slugging a monstrous .710 in his five weeks as a major leaguer.

Florida Marlins
In only 30 games and 100 at-bats, Jacobs hit an impressive 11 home runs and 23 RBI. Many people penciled him in as the Mets' first baseman for the 2006 season. However, on November 23, 2005, the Mets traded him and a minor league pitcher, Yusmeiro Petit, to the Florida Marlins in exchange for Carlos Delgado and $7 million.
In 2006 with the Marlins, Jacobs played in 136 games while hitting .262 with 20 home runs and 77 RBIs. In 2007, he only played in 114 games, but still improved on his batting average hitting .265 that season including 17 home runs and 54 RBIs. In 2008 Jacobs saw increased playing time and had a break out season in power with 32 home runs and 93 RBI but his batting average slipped to .247.

Kansas City Royals
After the 2008 season, Jacobs was traded to the Kansas City Royals for pitcher Leo Núñez. While initially thought to split time at first base with Billy Butler, he was mostly the team's DH due to inconsistent play on the field. Following the season, Jacobs was released by the Royals on December 10.

Return to New York
On February 10, 2010 the Mets signed Mike Jacobs to a minor league contract. He was selected as the Mets' opening day first baseman after Daniel Murphy went on the disabled list with a strained MCL.On April 18, Jacobs was designated for assignment.On April 25, 2010 Jacobs cleared waivers and accepted assignment to the AAA Buffalo Bisons of the International League.

Toronto Blue Jays
On July 30, 2010, he was acquired by the Toronto Blue Jays for a player to be named later. He was released at the end of the 2010 season.

Colorado Rockies
Jacobs signed as a minor league free agent with the Colorado Rockies on December 18, 2010.On August 18, 2011, while playing for the AAA Colorado Springs Sky Sox, Jacobs was suspended for 50 games after testing positive for Human Growth Hormone. In response, Jacobs was released by the Rockies.

Arizona Diamondbacks
On January 4, 2012, Jacobs signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks. On September 19, he was called up and played his first Major League game since April 17, 2010.

Seattle Mariners
On January 3, 2013, Jacobs signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners.
On March 23, 2013, he was released along with veteran starting pitcher Jon Garland.

Second Stint with Arizona
On June 4, 2013, the D'backs signed Jacobs back to a minor league deal. Jacobs had been playing in the Mexican League. Jacobs returned to AAA Reno for the 2014 season. He participated in the AAA Home Run Derby that same year.

Guerreros de Oaxaca
On March 26, 2015, it was reported that Jacobs had signed on to return to play for the Guerreros de Oaxaca of the Mexican League.

Lancaster Barnstormers
On March 25, 2016, Jacobs signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers.

Toros de Tijuana
On May 3, 2016, Jacobs signed with the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican Baseball League.

Minor League Baseball manager
Jacobs retired after 2016 season and was hired by the Miami Marlins to manage their Class A Short-Season Batavia Muckdogs. Jacobs will manage the Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League in 2019. For the 2021 season Jacobs will manage the Beloit Snappers.

Personal life
Jacobs got married in December 2006 and resides in Chula Vista during the baseball offseason. He has four daughters, Havana, Isabella, Sophia and Juliana.
Contrary to popular belief, Jacobs is not Jewish. This small detail was apparently not known to the Marlins when, on May 28, 2006, as part of the team's Jewish Heritage Day promotion, they gave Jacobs T-shirts to young fans who attended the game.

See also
List of Major League Baseball players with a home run in their first major league at bat

References
External links
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball Reference (Minors), or Retrosheet
Pelota BinariaJoming Jaycee Chan (Chinese: 房祖名, born 3 December 1982), known professionally as Jaycee Chan, is an Hong Kong-Taiwanese singer and actor. In 2004, he released his first Mandarin CD album in Hong Kong. He later went to Taiwan to continue his music career. He is the son of Hong Kong-born Chinese actor and martial artist Jackie Chan along with Taiwanese actress Joan Lin. He sings and performs in Mandarin and Cantonese.
In 2014, Chan was arrested and jailed for the possession and distribution of marijuana, and for accommodating drug users at his apartment in Beijing. Chan was sentenced to six months in state prison, and served out his full sentence behind bars.

Early life and education
Jaycee was born on 3 December 1982 in Los Angeles, California, United States, the son of Taiwanese actress Joan Lin and Hong Kong-born Chinese martial arts star Jackie Chan. Sources, including Jackie Chan's autobiography, state that he was born in 1984 and that his parents were married in 1983. On the other hand, Jackie's official website states that Chan was born in 1982.
Jaycee briefly attended the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, for two semesters, but did not graduate. He has a penchant for luxury cars and nightlife and stated that he left school because "all you can see in Virginia is sheep."Jaycee speaks English, Mandarin and Cantonese.

Career
Giving up on school, Jaycee moved to Hong Kong in 2003 to pursue his career. He composed the music and wrote the lyrics for 10 of the 13 tracks on his first CD, "Jaycee" (2004). His film debut was The Twins Effect II, in which his father had a cameo role. His second role was a Hong Kong romance film 2 Young, in which he co-starred with Hong Kong Cantopop singer Fiona Sit. They both worked together again on Break Up Club in 2010. In 2007, he co-starred alongside Nicholas Tse and Shawn Yue in Benny Chan's action film Invisible Target.
Despite heavy promotions and awards, his albums and movies have not been commercially successful. His film Double Trouble only grossed US$9,000 in Hong Kong in the first two weeks.In early 2009, Chinese websites reported that he has given up his United States citizenship in favor of Chinese citizenship to appeal to local audiences. He later confirmed this on his Instagram account shortly after Donald Trump was elected president.He voiced the younger version of his father's character Master Monkey in Secrets of the Furious Five. In addition, he voiced Master Crane in the Cantonese version of Kung Fu Panda and its sequel Kung Fu Panda 2.Jaycee and his father Jackie starred together in Jackie's 100th film, 1911. The team-up resulted in Jackie Chan's least profitable and worst reviewed film to date.To appeal to non-Chinese audiences, his studios hired Korean and Singaporean artists Jang Na-ra and Fann Wong to promote Jaycee's new film Whoever. The film was meant to satire Jaycee's life as a playboy from a famous father. Once again, the film was a box office disaster, not placing in the Chinese top ten, despite a government mandate requiring it to be played at half the nation's theaters. The studios decided not to release the film theatrically in Hong Kong and Taiwan.
In 2015, his father revealed that Jaycee had shown interest on writing a script for a sequel to CZ12 and will make the film "if it's right".

Arrest
On 18 August 2014, it was reported that Chan had been arrested on 14 August, by Beijing police due to drug possession, alongside Kai Ko, a Taiwanese actor. Public informants known as Chaoyang masses were credited for turning Chan in. Police later found more than 100 grams (3 ounces) of marijuana after searching Chan's apartment. While Ko was set to be released 14 days after his arrest, Chan faced criminal charges and sentences up to the death penalty or life imprisonment for allegedly hosting others to consume marijuana. Chan, whose father Jackie had been China's anti-drug goodwill ambassador since 2009, admitted to taking drugs for 8 years. Soon after, Jackie Chan made a public apology for his son's drug use. On 17 September 2014, Beijing Dongcheng procurator's office approved the formal arrest of Chan on suspicion of "accommodating drug users".Chan spent his 32nd birthday in custody with his mother stating that her son has borrowed more than a hundred books to read since he was detained. On 22 December 2014, four months after his arrest, Chan was indicted by Chinese authorities for sheltering other people to use drugs. His trial finally began on 9 January 2015 in Beijing, after spending 148 days in detention.  Chan was sentenced to six months in prison and fined 2,000 yuan (~US$320). Chan confessed that he broke the law and he should be punished for his actions and that he would not do it again. His parents did not attend their son's hearing although the elder Chan was reportedly in Beijing. His father repeatedly said that he will not use his connections to lighten his son's sentence.It was later revealed that during his detention, Chan wrote a three-page remorse letter to his mother in which he promised that he would not repeat his mistakes in the future.Chan was released from jail on 13 February during midnight hours. One day after his release, Chan held a conference in Beijing to make a public apology by saying that he had "no reason" and "no excuse" for his law breaking and his arrest had "a negative impact on society" and that it disappointed his supporters while causing losses for those who worked with him. In his four-minute speech, he promised that he would be a law-abiding citizen and while he still had plans to continue in the entertainment industry, he would focus on spending Chinese New Year with his parents. He stated that prison life was "harsh" and that his father did not use any connections to help ease his sentence. He extended a deep bow both before and after his speech.Before his arrest in August 2014, Jaycee was filming Monk Comes Down the Mountain. His role in the film was not credited due to his arrest.

Reception and public image
Chan is largely viewed as a spendthrift and "playboy" whose movies and music have not been met with commercial or critical success despite heavy promotion and support. In 2014, People's Daily ranked Chan as one of China's top "wastrel" fuerdai. Chan's arrest in 2014 severely affected his career, and he lost multi-million dollar endorsements and contracts from Adidas, Nivea, Yishion, Johnson & Johnson contact lenses, Stride gum, KFC, and Chevrolet.

Personal life
After Chan's release from prison, he lived with his mother in Taipei, keeping a low profile, and often wearing a mask to avoid being seen in public. Since 2020, he has relocated to Los Angeles.He has a younger half-sister named Etta Ng, who was born in 1999 due to his father's affair with former Hong Kong beauty queen, Elaine Ng. However, the half siblings are not known to have met.

Relationship with Jackie Chan
During an awards ceremony in Beijing in April 2011, Jackie stated that he would be donating half his money to charity when he dies, instead of to his son. Jackie explained, "If he is capable, he can make his own money. If he is not, then he will just be wasting my money."It was reported that he and his father, Jackie Chan have an estranged relationship with each other. After serving six months in jail, Jaycee met his father for the first time in Taiwan, and the two appeared to have reconciled. "I hadn't seen him for too long. I feel he's matured this time," Jackie Chan said. "We didn't talk about unhappy things. It was all family chat. We talked into the night and didn't sleep." Before leaving to do a promotion, he gave his son a haircut.

Filmography
Discography
References
External links
Jaycee Chan at IMDb
Jaycee Chan on Twitter
Jaycee Chan on Facebook
Jaycee Chan Instagram
Jaycee Chan PhotostagsNew Islington is a tram stop on the East Manchester Line (EML) and Zone 1 of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. The station opened on 11 February 2013, after a three-day free trial for local residents. The station was constructed as part of Phase 3a of the Metrolink's expansion, and is located in the New Islington area of Manchester, England. It was originally proposed to open with the name Pollard Street, being located at the junction Munday Street and Pollard Street.

Services
Services are mostly every 12 minutes on all routes.

Connecting bus routes
New Islington is directly served by a bus service, which is served by Stagecoach Manchester service 216, which replicates the Metrolink service to Droylsden before continuing to Ashton-under-Lyne, and Stagecoach service 231, which runs nearby to Ashton via Littlemoss and Smallshaw. Both services run to nearby Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester.

References
External links
New Islington Stop Information
New Islington area map
Light Rail Transit AssociationMiddle Huaxia Road (simplified Chinese: 华夏中路; traditional Chinese: 華夏中路; pinyin: Huáxià Zhōng Lù) is an interchange station on Lines 13 and 16 of the Shanghai Metro. It opened for passenger operations on 28 December 2014, with the extension of Line 16 from Luoshan Road to Longyang Road. On 30 December 2018, it became an interchange station with Line 13 when the phases 2 and 3 extensions of the line to Zhangjiang Road became operational.

Station Layout


Hind Nawfal (Arabic: هند نوفل, 1860–1920) was a Lebanese Antiochian Greek Orthodox journalist and feminist writer. She was the first woman in the Arab world and the broader MENA area to publish a women's magazine and an early promoter of feminism.

Family and background
Hind Nawfal was born in Tripoli, modern-day Lebanon. Her mother, Maryam al-Nahhas was born in Beirut and raised during the civil unrest and economic depression in Beirut before marrying Nawfal's father Nasim when she was 16 and he was 10 years her senior. Nasim Nawfal was from a Greek Orthodox family from Tripoli and raised Hind as a Christian.Nawal attended mission schools in Beirut until the family moved to escape the Ottoman censorship in Ottoman Syria and settled in Alexandria in the 1870s, where Hind attended a covenant school. During the reign of Khedive Isma'il Pasha, Egypt had abandoned its monopoly on publishing and from the time of the British occupation of Egypt in 1882 had also limited its censorship on the press. As the low and middle class began to invest in upper class literature, the number of printing presses had increased and thus the circulation of literary material as well.
Hind Nawfal was unique at the time in that she came from a household where both her mother and father were writers. Hind's mother, Maryam, completed a biographical dictionary, Ma’rid al-Hasna’ fi Tarajim Masharhir al-Nisa’ (The beautiful woman's exhibition for the biographies of female celebrities), of Eastern and Western women. She dedicated it to Princess Cheshmat Hanim, third wife of Isma’il, who sponsored its personification. Hind's father and uncle worked as journalists and translators in the Egyptian government. Her father would end up directing the office of Hind's magazine where her sister, Sarah, would also assist.

Al-Fatah
Nawfal started her journal, al-Fatah (The Young Woman), on 20 November 1892, at a time when there were a growing number of newspapers and scientific journals in circulation and also an increase in female readership. However, al-Fatah was the “first of its kind under the Eastern sky,” Nawfal said, in that it was a journal written for, by, and about women. Nawfal had intended to “adorn its pages with pearls from the pens of women.”In her first issue, she outlined her goals for the magazine, which included defending women's rights, expressing their views and drawing on their responsibility and duties. She subtitled the magazine “scientific, historical, literary, and humorous.” It would not however discuss politics and had “no aim in religious controversies.”Nawfal was inspired by women's periodicals abroad which had existed almost a century and a half earlier than when she first published hers. The magazine covered issues such as marriage, divorce, veiling, seclusion, education, work, domestic instruction and entertainment. It had publications that contained biographies of Western women like Queen Victoria or interesting facts pertaining to women like there are 252 female medical students in France along with 121 novelists, 280 poets, and 425 essayists. The magazine encouraged debate by discussing topics like the different standards of beauty that exist among different countries.
Sometimes, Nawfal would ask questions for readers to write in and answer. In her February 1893 issue, for example, she asked the question, “whose labor is more strenuous, men or women?” Thus al-Fatah became a forum for discussion and debate over women's roles.
To urge women's participation in al-Fatah, Nawfal emphasized that a woman who wrote in journals was “not compromising her modesty or violating her purity and good behavior.” Additionally Nawfal made an effort to acknowledge indigenous women of ages where women had been role models in society. She referenced Semiramis, an Assyrian queen, Bilquis, queen of Sheba, along with the women of the Pharaonic times, who for a “period of two thousand years showed extreme gentleness and refinement and demonstrated achievements and perfection which women of the West have not yet reached.” She did, however, discuss American and European female writers by saying that their writing had not compromised their societal status and, on the contrary, had earned them respect.

Legacy
Nawfal married Habib Dabbana in August 1893 who was a Syrian who worked in the legal section of the Ministry of Finance and stopped her journal to return to life of domesticity and philanthropy in 1894. Though al-Fatah only lasted two years, it was the first of the genre of Arab Feminist known as al-majallat al-nisa'iyya written by women, which reached almost 30 and coincided with the Egyptian Revolution of 1919. According to Nabila Ramdani, "al-Fatah is viewed as the first wholly feminist publication in a sizeable list of Arabic periodicals." Beth Baron states that, "The Arabic women's journals present us with a unique historical source and give us an opportunity to recover the voices of women so that we can balance other accounts of their lives with their own descriptions. Collectively the journals are one of the earliest troves of materials of this sort, for this was the first generation of women in the Arab world to write in numbers and to produce and publish their works as printed texts."


Several polling firms have conducted opinion polls during the term of the 53rd New Zealand Parliament (2020–present) for the next New Zealand general election. The regular polls are the quarterly polls produced by Television New Zealand (1 News) conducted by Kantar Public (formerly known as Colmar Brunton) and Discovery New Zealand (Newshub) conducted by Reid Research, along with monthly polls by Roy Morgan Research, and by Curia (Taxpayers' Union). The sample size, margin of error and confidence interval of each poll varies by organisation and date.
The current parliament was elected on 17 October 2020. The next general election must take place no later than 13 January 2024, however it is expected that the next election will take place in 2023.

Party vote
Nationwide polling
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed in bold, and the background shaded in the leading party's colour. The 'party lead' column shows the percentage-point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. In the instance of a tie, both figures are shaded and displayed in bold. Percentages may not add to 100 percent due to polls not reporting figures for all minor parties and due to rounding. Refusals are generally excluded from the party vote percentages, while question wording and the treatment of "don't know" responses and those not intending to vote may vary between survey organisations.
The parties shown in the table are Labour (LAB), National (NAT), Green (GRN), ACT, Māori (MRI), New Zealand First (NZF), Opportunities (TOP), and New Conservative (NCP). Other parties may have also registered in some polls, but are not listed in this table.

Private polling
These polls are typically unpublished and are used internally, conducted by Talbot Mills (previously called UMR; conducted for Labour) and Curia (conducted for the Taxpayers' Union, formerly for National). Although these polls are sometimes leaked or partially leaked, their methodology details are not publicly available. Publicly-released polls by these pollsters can be found in the above section.

Preferred prime minister
Some opinion pollsters ask voters who they would prefer as prime minister. The phrasing of questions and the treatment of refusals, as well as "don't know" answers, differ from poll to poll. To qualify for this table, this person must reach at least 3 percent in three separate polls. The table below includes private polls conducted by Talbot Mills (previously called UMR; conducted for Labour) and Curia (conducted for the Taxpayers' Union, formerly for National), which may be cherry-picked and therefore may not properly indicate ongoing trends.

Government approval rating
The government approval rating is a statistic which measures the proportion of people who say they think the country is heading in the right direction or wrong direction politically.

Forecasts
The use of mixed-member proportional representation allows ready conversion of a party's support into a party vote percentage and therefore a number of seats in Parliament. Projections generally assume no material change to the electorate seats held by each party (ACT retains Epsom, Greens retain Auckland Central, Māori retains Waiariki, etc.). Parties that do not hold an electorate seat and poll below 5% are assumed to win zero seats. 
When determining the scenarios for the overall result, the minimum parties necessary to form majority governments are listed (provided parties have indicated openness to working together). Actual governments formed may include other parties beyond the minimum required for a majority; this happened after the 2014 election, when National only needed one seat from another party to reach a 61-seat majority, but instead chose to form a 64-seat government with Māori, ACT and United Future.

See also
2020 New Zealand general election
Opinion polling for the 2020 New Zealand general election
Politics of New Zealand

Notes


Maurice Clarke (born 9 September 1981) is a Jamaican cricketer. He played in one first-class and five List A matches for the Jamaican cricket team from 2002 to 2005.

See also
List of Jamaican representative cricketers

References
External links
Maurice Clarke at ESPNcricinfoColonel Morgan Morgan (November 1, 1688 — November 17, 1766) was an American pioneer. He was thought to have founded the first permanent settlement in present-day West Virginia at Cool Spring Farm.

Biography
Early life
Little direct evidence of Morgan's early life and education have survived. His birth date seems to have been November 1st, 1688 because Morgans Chapel at Bunker Hill, which he helped to found, recorded the following upon his death: "Colonel Morgan died November 17, 1766 aged 78 years November 1st." No British records have been found of where he was born or when or how he came to America, but according to American records he seems to have been born in Glamorganshire, Wales during the reign of William III.

Emigration to America
Morgan Morgan emigrated to the America as a single man at the age of 24, probably during the last years of the reign of Queen Anne. Arriving in Delaware in about 1712 or 1713, he soon afterward got married, but no record of the date has been found. Morgan commenced business as a merchant at the place now known as Christiana. Some Quaker records record that Morgan Morgan was educated at Cambridge University and went to Delaware as Crown Council. In 1713, Morgan married Catherine Garretson in what is now New Castle County, Delaware. Their first child, James, was born in the fall of 1715, and this is recorded in the church register. Morgan evidently arrived with some money and had a very respectable social standing, for the early records list him as a merchant and tailor, and in 1717 he was appointed as executor of the will of the Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania. At that time what we now know as Delaware was a part of Pennsylvania. Since the trade guilds were very strong in England, one wonders if he learned the tailoring trade in London, from his father, or if he bypassed the law in the new country and started a combined mercantile and tailoring business. As well as working there as a merchant, he was also a magistrate. He has been claimed to have been an ordained Church of England clergyman, and one who established a church in Westminster County in 1727, but there is no evidence to support this. Morgan is often incorrectly cited as having arrived at present-day West Virginia in 1727, although he was still living in Delaware at that time, acting as the coroner of New Castle County. His first land transaction on record dates from November 20, 1723, when he bought 245 acres (0.99 km2) for the price of 70 pounds. Almost the whole of this land was cultivable.  In 1924, a committee appointed by the Governor of West Virginia determined that the first crude shelter erected by William G. Morgan Great Grandson of Morgan Morgan was built on the Morgan Acres property.

Claim of first settlement in West Virginia
Morgan Morgan arrived in what is now West Virginia in 1731. In January 1734, he, among others, was appointed to the 'Commission of the Peace', meaning that he was a magistrate. He probably received a Patent for 1,000 acres (4.0 km2) '[i]n the Forks of the Rappahannock River & Westwood of Sherrando River' on December 12, 1734. The long-standing claim that he was the first permanent resident there is, however, doubtful. In fact, the area now known as Shepherdstown, West Virginia, was probably settled by German-speaking immigrants as early as 1727.Morgan died at Bunker Hill, Berkeley County, now in West Virginia, and was buried in the Morgan Chapel Graveyard.

Family
Morgan Morgan held military and civil positions in colonial Virginia which entitled his female descendants to membership in the Colonial Dames of America. Col. Morgan and his wife Catherine Garretson had the following issues:

James Morgan - Died at the age of
Ann Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
David Morgan (The Great Indian Fighter)
Charles Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
Henry Morgan (Considered one of the 'Lost Tribes' of the Morgan Family)
Evan Morgan
Zackquill Morgan (Founder of Morgantown, West Virginia)
Morgan Morgan II

See also
Morgan Chapel and Graveyard
Morgan Morgan Monument


== Notes and references ==Peter Charles Tabuns (born October 3, 1951) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He is a New Democrat member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario who was elected in a 2006 by-election. He represents the riding of Toronto—Danforth. In 2009 he entered the party leadership convention but lost to Andrea Horwath.

Background
Tabuns was born in London, Ontario to Anton Tabuns (Latvian: Antons Tabūns), an auto mechanic, and his wife Sarah, who was born and raised in Liverpool, England. Anton was born and raised in Latvia, though he managed to leave his homeland after the Soviet occupation and immigrate to England. While working on a farm, fixing equipment, he met Sarah, and soon after marrying, the couple immigrated to Canada. Soon after, the family found residence with another recent immigrant. In addition to Peter, Anton and Sarah have two other children, Frank and Anna.Tabuns attended York University, where he studied political science and was actively involved in York's student council. Tabuns was also president of Citizens for a Safe Environment, a Riverdale environmental group that lobbied the city to end garbage incineration at the Commissioners Street plant in the Port Lands. He became managing director of a housing co-op on Oak Street, and was also vice-chair of the Co-operative Housing Federation of Toronto.He lives with Shawn Kerwin, who is a theatre designer and professor at York University. They have a  son, Anton, from Tabuns' previous relationship.

Municipal politics
Tabuns was city councillor for Ward 8 - Riverdale - of the former City of Toronto from 1990 to 1997, representing part of the Toronto-Danforth riding he now represents provincially. He was a member of the Board of Health for seven years, and was chair from 1993 to 1997. In 1995 he moved to ban smoking in shopping mall food courts. A year later the city extended the ban to include bars and restaurants.In 1996, he supported a boycott of Harvey's restaurants because its parent company Cara Operations had donated money to the Progressive Conservative Party for the previous three years. The Board of Health initially passed the motion 7-6 but later rescinded it following a storm of protest. Tabuns was unrepentant and said that corporations must be held accountable for supporting Ontario Premier Mike Harris. Tabuns said, "What Mike Harris has done is put greased skids under the economy of this city and pushed it downhill."In 1997 the amalgamation of Metropolitan Toronto reduced the number of councillor positions. Tabuns was forced to compete with fellow NDP councillors Pam McConnell (who had previously represented Ward 7, adjacent to Tabuns' Ward 8) and Jack Layton (who had held a seat on Metro Council representing the same area as Wards 7 and 8) for one of two council positions returned by the east-end ward. A phantom candidate named "Larry Tabin" also entered the election. It has been alleged that Tabin was enlisted as a candidate by bar and restaurant owners seeking to defeat Tabuns over his anti-smoking initiative; despite his presence on the ballot, Tabin did not actually conduct any visible campaign. In the confusion, Tabin was able to draw enough votes away from Peter Tabuns to cost Tabuns the election. Tabuns came in third, with about 200 fewer votes than McConnell.

Greenpeace
From 1999 to 2004, Tabuns was executive director of Greenpeace Canada. Under Tabuns' leadership, the organization advocated for environmental protection, including the adoption of the Kyoto Protocol. Tabuns also served as special advisor on climate change to Jack Layton from 2004 to 2005.
Tabuns was criticized by some members of Office and Professional Employees International Union (OPEIU) local 343 (now Canadian Office and Professional Employees Union 343) in 2002, when Greenpeace terminated its door-to-door fundraising efforts and transferred foot canvassers to telephone fundraising. No layoffs occurred; however, several workers disputed Greenpeace's assertions that the new positions were of "comparable salary and benefits", and held an information picket outside Greenpeace offices. According to the union, the "circumstances surrounding the closure of the door canvass were amicably resolved".

Federal politics
Tabuns ran as the NDP candidate in the riding of Beaches—East York during the 2004 federal election. He lost the election to Liberal incumbent Maria Minna by 7,738 votes.

Provincial politics
On February 15, 2006, the Toronto—Danforth NDP riding association nominated Tabuns as the party's candidate in the provincial by-election, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of former NDP Member of Provincial Parliament Marilyn Churley. Churley resigned her provincial seat in order to run in the 2006 federal election as the NDP candidate for Beaches-East York.
Tabuns' opponents in the election were former broadcaster and Liberal candidate Ben Chin, Progressive Conservative candidate Georgina Blanas and Green Party candidate Paul Charbonneau. On March 30, 2006, Tabuns won the by-election with 47.8% support from voters.Upon being sworn in as an MPP, NDP Leader Howard Hampton reorganized his shadow cabinet and gave the rookie member a long list of portfolios, including Transportation, Environment, Public Infrastructure Renewal, Greater Toronto Area, Culture, Tourism and Recreation, Citizenship and Immigration, and Multicultural Affairs.In October 2006, Tabuns was voted Best MPP by Now Magazine readers, for his positions on climate change, the Portlands Energy Centre, and early childhood learning centres in his constituency. Tabuns has also been known for his stance on same-sex parental rights, anti-toxics legislation and recognition of foreign credentials. In the same month, Tabuns was recognized for tabling a motion to recognize June 22, 2006 as Chinese Canadian Head Tax Redress Day.Tabuns was re-elected in the 2007, 2011, 2014, and in the 2018 provincial elections.He is currently the party's critic on energy and climate change, and was previously the party's critic for Education and Energy issues.

Leadership bid
Following the resignation of party leader Howard Hampton in June 2008, Peter Tabuns was mentioned in the press as a likely candidate in the emerging campaign for the leadership. On October 27, 2008, Tabuns officially launched his campaign for the leadership. The party's leadership convention was held in March 2009. Tabuns lost to Andrea Horwath by a margin of 60% to 40% on the third ballot following the defeat of contenders Michael Prue and Gilles Bisson in earlier rounds.

Electoral record
References
External links
Official website
Ontario Legislative Assembly parliamentary history (archived)Samliku  is a village in Põhja-Pärnumaa Parish, Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.


Gaffer tape (also known as gaffer's tape, gaff tape or gaffa tape as well as spike tape for narrow, colored gaffer tape) is a heavy cotton cloth pressure-sensitive tape with strong adhesive and tensile properties. It is widely used in theatre, photography, film, radio and television production, and industrial staging work.
While sometimes confused with duct tape, gaffer tape differs in the composition of both the backing, which is made from fabric as opposed to vinyl or other plastics, and the adhesive, which is more resistant to heat and more easily removed without damaging the surface to which it adhered.

History
The precise origin of the name is unknown, one theory being that it is named for the gaffer (chief lighting technician) on a film crew. When cables are taped down on a stage or other surface, either to prevent tripping hazards or conceal them from view of the audience or camera, they are said to be gaffed or gaffered.Gaffer tape was invented in 1959 by Ross Lowell, director, cinematographer, and founder of Lowel-Light. Lowell transferred the adhesive from Johnson & Johnson's Permacel tape, also known as duct tape, to silver fabric, and Lowel-Light introduced gaffer tape to the market.

Properties and uses
Gaffer tape is manufactured in many colors, including fluorescent and custom colors, but perhaps the most common variety is matte black. A matte finish keeps the tape from reflecting light, so that it blends in with a typical stage floor. It is sold in a variety of widths, from 1⁄4 in (6 mm) to 4 in (102 mm), with 1 in (25 mm) and 2 in (51 mm) being the most common. Gaffer tape is strong, yet can be torn by hand, so no cutting tools are necessary, and it can easily be ripped into narrower strips when desired. The synthetic adhesive typically leaves little or no residue and will generally not damage most surfaces when it is removed. Gaffer tape is usually more expensive than duct tape because it is manufactured in smaller quantities, has more exacting specifications, and is marketed for professional use.

A common application for gaffer tape is securing cables to a stage floor, podium, or other surface, either for safety or concealment. It is also frequently used whenever a quick ad hoc fix is required, from temporarily attaching fixtures or props, to salvaging a broken piece of production equipment. A narrow version of gaffer tape, called spike tape, is used in theater productions for floor layout.In the absence of console tape or artist tape, live sound engineers or light board operators may use a strip of white gaffer tape along the bottom of a mixing board to label the channels or submasters used for a particular show.In rock climbing gyms, gaffer tape can be used to mark climbs on the wall. It is preferable to duct tape because it is stronger and lasts longer on the wall.

See also
Best boy
Dolly grip
List of adhesive tapes
Speed tape
Theatrical technician


Soul on Ice is the debut album by West Coast emcee Ras Kass, released on October 1, 1996, under Priority Records. The album was produced by Ras Kass, as well as DJ Battlecat, Vooodu, Bird, Michael Barber, Michael Schlesinger, and Reno Delajuan. Fellow West Coast rapper Coolio makes the only guest appearance on the album on the song "Drama." The album's title is a reference to Black Panther member Eldridge Cleaver's 1968 book Soul on Ice. Two charting singles were released from the album, "Anything Goes" and "Soul on Ice." It has been praised for its complex lyricism and lush production. The Source magazine noted in 1996, that Ras Kass was "the West Coast's answer to Nas".

Track listing
Samples
Anything Goes

"Oooh This Love Is So" by Al B. Sure!
"Blue Suede Shoes" by Carl PerkinsReelishymn

"Goin' Out of My Head" by Little Anthony and the ImperialsDrama

"Tryin' to Get the Feeling Again" by Hubert Laws
"Children's Story" by Slick Rick
"Gin and Juice" by Snoop DoggEtc.

"Mos***up" by Just-Ice feat. KRS-One
"How Many MC's..." by Black MoonIf/Then

"Stay Still (And Let Me Love You)" by Ronnie Laws
"B****es Ain't S***" by Dr. DreMarinatin'

"You Gots to Chill" by EPMDOn Earth as It Is...

"Spinning Wheel" by Lonnie Smith
"La Dolce Vita" by Sparks
"10% Dis" by MC LyteSonset

"You're Gettin' a Little Too Smart" by The Detroit Emeralds
"Eric B. Is President" by Eric B. & Rakim
"Underground" by EPMDSoul on Ice

"School Boy Crush" by Average White BandThe Evil That Men Do

"Kool Is Back" by Funk, Inc.
"Barefoot Ballet" by John Klemmer
"Color Blind" by Ice Cube, WC and the Maad CircleOrdo Abchao (Order Out of Choas)

"Universe" by Hampton Hawes

Charts


The Irish Gold Cup (Irish: Corn Óir na hÉireann) is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 3 miles (4,828 metres), and during its running there are seventeen fences to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in February.
The event was first run in 1987, and it was originally titled the Vincent O'Brien Irish Gold Cup. It was named after Vincent O'Brien (1917–2009), who was a successful racehorse trainer. The race was renamed the Hennessy Gold Cup in 1991, when Hennessy began sponsoring and it was often referred to as the "Irish Hennessy", as there was also a long-established chase in Great Britain called the Hennessy Gold Cup. Hennessy's sponsorship ended after the 2015 running and the 2016 event was run as the unsponsored Irish Gold Cup. Unibet sponsored the Irish Gold Cup from 2017 to 2019.  In 2017, it was run as the Stan James Irish Gold Cup Chase and in 2018 and 2019 as the Unibet Irish Gold Cup. Since 2020 the race has been sponsored by Paddy Power.
Throughout its history the race has served as a leading trial for the Cheltenham Gold Cup. Three horses have won both events in the same year – Jodami (1993), Imperial Call (1996) and Sizing John (2017).

Records
Winners
Amateur jockeys indicated by "Mr".

See also
List of Irish National Hunt races
Recurring sporting events established in 1987  – this race is included under its original title, Vincent O'Brien Irish Gold Cup.

References

Racing Post:
1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997
1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
2018, 2019, 2020, 2021pedigreequery.com – Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup – Leopardstown.Carzone is an Irish website for motor dealers and consumers located in Dublin, Ireland, and is owned by the Auto Trader Group. 
It began as part of Webzone Ltd, a web design and production company. Carzone is available across multiple devices with a dedicated iPhone App, Android App and Mobile Site. In 2004 Carzone.ie was sold to the Guardian Media Group (GMG). Trader Media Group, a subsidiary of GMG, acquired Webzone Ltd, the Dublin holding company of the motor website.

References
Carzone.ie now more popular than Facebook. The Sunday Business Post, July 06, 2008. [1]
Guardian Media Group drives €5m takeover of Carzone motor website. The Sunday Business Post, September 18, 2005. [2]
Determination of the Competition Authority.  Competition Authority (Ireland), November 3, 2005. [3]Mariela Griffor (born September 29, 1961 in Concepcion, Chile), is a poet, editor, publisher of Marick Press and diplomat. She is author of four poetry collections, Exiliana, House, The Psychiatrist and most recently, Declassified (Eyewear Publishing, 2016), and has had her poems and translations published in many literary journals and magazines including Poetry International, Washington Square Review , Texas Poetry Review, and Éditions d'art Le Sabord, in anthologies including Poetry in Michigan / Michigan in Poetry, from New Issues Press. A variety of Griffor's poems has been translated into Italian, French, Chinese, Swedish, and Spanish. She has been nominated to the Griffin Poetry Prize, to the Whiting Awards and the PEN/Beyond Margins Award. She was finalist and shortlisted for the 2017 National Translation Award for Canto General by Pablo Neruda.

Early life
Griffor was born in Concepcion, Chile. She attended the University of Santiago and the Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro. She left Chile for an involuntary exile in Sweden in 1985. Griffor holds a B.A in Journalism from Wayne State University and a M.F.A in Creative Writing from New England College. She and her American husband returned to the United States in 1998. They live in Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan.

Career
Griffor is co-founder of the institute for Creative Writers at Wayne State University and Publisher of Marick Press. Her work has appeared in Passages North, Cerise Press, Washington Square Review, Texas Poetry Review and many others. She is the author of Exiliana (Luna Publications) and House (Mayapple Press). Her latest publication are The Psychiatrist (Eyewear Publishing 2013 and Declassified, 2017) . She is honorary consul of Chile in Michigan.
Griffor writes about her homeland of Chile, and her immigrant experiences as an exile in both Sweden and the United States.

Works
Griffor, who is bilingual, is a rare exception among lyrical Chilean writers that publishes here [Chile] and in other places. In Resolana one notices an exceptional consistency, a coherence in contrast to the robust naturalism of our tradition and, above all, a profound cultural formation – without a doubt, immersed in the North American lyric, especially Emily Dickinson, Wallace Stevens, Elizabeth Bishop, Marianne Moore – consolidated in hymns to the common and current, in the everyday, in the allusion to the flora and fauna that, without extending in manifest form, uses symbols and literary resources so that the verbal weight asserts itself to her readers.
If one has to position Griffor within the recent history of Chilean poetry, her art is closest to poets such as Jorge Teillier, Delia Domínguez and the early Enrique Lihn.

Poetry
Exiliana, [Luna Publications] ISBN 978-0978147105 (Toronto, CANADA), 2007
House, [Mayapple Press] ISBN 978-0932412-539 (Bay City, Michigan, USA), 2007
The Psychiatrist, [Eyewear Publishing] ISBN 978-1-908998-11-8 (London, UK), 2013
Resolana, El Taller del Poeta ISBN 978-84-941529-4-8 (Madrid, SPAIN), 2013
Declassified, [1], [Eyewear Publishing] ISBN 978-1-911-33549-8 (London, UK), 2017

Translation
Canto General, Tupelo Press, Canto General ISBN 978-1-936797-69-1 (Boston, USA), 2016
Bailando en Odesa, Tupelo Press, Bailando en Odesa ISBN 978-1-936797-93-6 (Boston, USA), 2017

Editing
Poetry International,Issue 13/14 2009 Special Double Issue Featuring Chilean Poetry Today [San Diego State University Press] ISBN 1-879691-90-6  (San Diego, California), 2009

References
External links
Official website
Marick Press
"Ma Demeure Brûle" by Mariela Griffor translated by Guy Jean (1) on YouTube
The Psychiatrist" by Mariela Griffor
Death in Argentina" by Mariela GrifforPerittia regina is a moth in the family Elachistidae. It was described by Lauri Kaila in 2000. It is found in Argentina.


The Stranger is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy. Prints of this film survive in private collections and it has been released on DVD.

Cast
Billy West as The Prospector
Leatrice Joy as Susie
Bud Ross as Susie's Father (credited as Budd Ross)
Oliver Hardy as Oliver, the saloonkeeper
Leo White as The Greaser

Reception
Like many American films of the time, The Stranger was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors cut, in Reel 2, the intertitle "The Hall of Joy where wine, women and song hold forth temptations to strangers".

See also
List of American films of 1918
Oliver Hardy filmography

References
External links
The Stranger at IMDbNordion Inc., a Sotera Health company, is a health science company that provides Cobalt-60 used for sterilization and treatment of disease (radiotherapy). 
Nordion is headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, with facilities in Vancouver, British Columbia and Laval, Quebec. Kevin Brooks is the company's CEO. It was acquired by Sotera Health in 2014 for US$805 million (equivalent to $882.67 million in 2020).

History
Founded in 1946, originally the radium sales department of Eldorado Mining and Refining Ltd., the division developed one of the first teletherapy units that used the radioisotope cobalt-60 to destroy cancerous tumours.
Soon after, the division was given responsibility for selling radioisotopes produced by the newly established nuclear research facility at Chalk River, Ontario. As a result, in 1951, Eldorado established a commercial products division (CPD) to manage the isotope business, especially cobalt-60 used in cancer treatment.
In 1952, the federal government created Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL), a Crown corporation. Shortly thereafter, CPD was transferred to AECL, where it remained for the next 40 years and was renamed the radio-chemical division.
In 1988, ownership of the radio-chemical division was transferred from AECL to the Canadian Development Investment Corporation (CDIC). The company assumed a new name, Nordion International Inc. and was later sold to MDS Health Group in 1991.
In 2010, MDS Inc. completed a strategic repositioning which saw the Company divest its MDS Analytical Technologies and MDS Pharma Services businesses. Also in 2010, shareholders of MDS Inc. approved a change of name from MDS Inc. to Nordion Inc. The Company officially changed its name to Nordion Inc. on November 1, 2010.In July 2013, Nordion completed the divestiture of its Targeted Therapies business to BTG plc. The company is now focused on Nordion and its sterilization technologies and medical isotopes businesses.
The company generated US$244.8 million USD  (equivalent to $268.42 million in 2020) in revenues in the 2012 fiscal year, with over 70% of its revenue coming from within North America.It was acquired by Sotera Health in 2014 for US$805 million (equivalent to $882.67 million in 2020). The company's press release stated that the acquisition created "the only vertically integrated sterilization company in the world."Nordion sold its Medical Isotopes business in 2018.

Products
Gamma technologies
Customers use Nordion's gamma-sterilization technologies to sterilize medical surgical supplies and devices, as well as certain consumer products, such as food and cosmetics.
Nordion supplies cobalt-60, the isotope that produces the gamma radiation required to destroy harmful micro-organisms. 
The company also designs and sells a family of production irradiators.

Locations
The Nordion corporate headquarters are located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The headquarters are the main manufacturing facilities for medical isotopes, used in medical imaging and radiopharmaceuticals, and for cobalt-60 sources and industrial food irradiators.
The Nordion Gamma Centre of Excellence (GCE) is a gamma irradiation research, training, and demonstration facility located in Laval, Quebec, Canada. The GCE is operated in partnership with the University of Quebec's Armand Frappier Institute.
Nordion has an Asia Pacific Sales Office in Hong Kong.

Awards and recognition
Canada's Top 100 Employers, 2010 and 2011
National Capital Region's Top 25 Employers, 2007-2013
Ottawa Business Journal's Forty Under 40 Award
Best Employer for New Canadians
2009 Ottawa Business Achievement – Company of the Year Silver Award
Canadian Industry Program for Energy Conservation (CIPEC) Leadership Award
ENERGY STAR Market Transformation Award
Return on Environment Partnership Award

Community work
Ottawa Food Bank
The Ottawa Hospital (Gala for Research)
Toy Mountain

References
External links
Official websiteTouhfat Mouhtare is a Comorian writer.
Born in Comoros, Mouhtare has lived in various countries in Africa, and studied in France, where she received a diploma in foreign languages from the Sorbonne. She is the second published Comorian woman prose writer, after Coralie Frei, and has written poetry as well. Ames suspendues, a collection of novellas, was published in 2011. She has also published articles on various subjects.


Malagascoderes is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Malagascoderes goudotti (Thomson, 1878)
Malagascoderes scriptus (Thery, 1937)


Minyichthys inusitatus, also known as the West Atlantic pipefish is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Syngnathidae. They have been be found off the coast of Panama and Northern Argentina, though little is known about their full geographic range or preferred habitat in these areas. Minyichthys inusitatus is thought to live primarily at depths of greater than 30–40 meters. Their diet likely consists of small crustaceans such as copepods, amphipods, and mysid shrimps. Reproduction occurs through ovoviviparity in which the males brood eggs before giving live birth. This small species grows only to lengths of around 2.9 cm on average.

References
External links
Minyichthys inusitatus at FishBaseJoseph Gamache (born May 20, 1966) is an American boxing trainer and former professional boxer. He is the first and only boxer from Maine to capture a world boxing title, as he won the WBA super featherweight title in 1991 and the WBA lightweight title in 1992. He retired with a record of 55-4, with his losses being to Tony Lopez, Orzubek Nazarov, Julio César Chávez and Arturo Gatti.

Early years
At the age of 10, playing third base in Little League Baseball, Gamache tended to loop his throws to first base. His father suggested that if he worked out in a boxing gym he might strengthen his arms and straighten out his long throws across the infield. Gamache would come to love the rites of the gym and soon set aside baseball to become a boxer.

Professional boxing career
Gamache was trained by Tony Lampron and Teddy Atlas. He turned professional in 1987 and won his first 28 bouts.

Two-weight world champion
In 1991, Gamache defeated Jerry Ngobeni (19-1) to capture the vacant WBA super featherweight title. He vacated the title to move up to lightweight. The following year, Gamache defeated Chil-Sung Chun (18-1) to win the vacant WBA lightweight title. He lost the lightweight title in his first defense to Tony Lopez (40-3-1) via TKO in the eleventh round. Gamache fought bravely against the stronger, more experienced Lopez. In 1994, Gamache fought Orzubek Nazarov (19-0) for the WBA lightweight title, but lost via second-round TKO. He fought Julio César Chávez (96-2-1) in 1996. The referee stopped the fight at the end of the 8th round, giving Chávez a harder-than-expected victory.

Retirement
In his last fight on February 26, 2000, Gamache was brutally knocked out in two rounds by Arturo Gatti (30-4) at Madison Square Garden. Gamache went on to file lawsuits against both Gatti and the New York State Athletic Commission, alleging that Gatti weighed significantly more than the contracted weight at the time of the fight. A NYSAC official allowed Gatti off the scale before it could be determined that he had made the 141-pound weight limit. HBO said Gatti weighed 160 pounds on fight night compared to Gamache's 145 pounds. Gamache said he suffered brain damage as a result of the brutal knockout and was hospitalised for days. The case was tried and decided by Judge Melvin Schweitzer, who found the state negligent in its lax handling of the pre-fight weigh-in. Gamache was not awarded any damages, as Schweitzer was not convinced that the negligence was a substantial factor in causing Gamache's injury. Gamache considered the verdict a win as it acknowledged the NYSAC's negligence.

Training career
Gamache's son, Steven Gamache, made his professional debut in 2010. Today, Gamache works as a licensed boxing trainer, coaching some of the top fighters in the sport. He trained Boyd Melson, who won the gold medal at the 2004 World Military Boxing Championships in the 69 kg weight class and fought professionally at light middleweight until his retirement in 2016. Gamache was hired by Team Sauerland, and trained the Danish super middleweight contender Patrick Nielsen. Gamache is the current trainer of Swedish boxer Otto Wallin, who faced the former unified heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury on September 14, 2019.
He is also a member of the training team of Teofimo Lopez

References
External links
Boxing record for Joey Gamache from BoxRec (registration required)Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is a 1996 American adult animated comedy film based on the MTV animated television series Beavis and Butt-Head. The film was co-written and directed by series creator Mike Judge, who reprises his roles from the series; Demi Moore, Bruce Willis, Robert Stack, and Cloris Leachman star in supporting roles. The film follows Beavis and Butt-Head as they attempt to find their stolen television; they end up traveling across the country in an attempt to "score" while unknowingly becoming fugitives wanted by the FBI and the ATF.
Previous offers by MTV to adapt Beavis and Butt-Head to film were rejected by Judge, before he eventually agreed to the film in 1994. As the film's production began, the series' staff halted production while Judge wrote the screenplay with Joe Stillman. John Frizzell composed the film's score.
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America premiered at Mann's Chinese Theater on December 15, 1996, and it was released in the United States on December 20, 1996 by Paramount Pictures. The film later aired on MTV in 1999. It also aired on VH1 in 2003. The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing $63.1 million in the United States and becoming the largest December box office opening of all time until it was surpassed the following year by Scream 2. In February 2021, a sequel was announced for Paramount+.

Plot
Beavis and Butt-Head discover that their television is missing, and set out to find it. After several failed attempts to get a television, they come across a motel which offers one in every room. They meet Muddy Grimes, who mistakes them for hired hitmen and offers them $10,000 to "do" his wife Dallas in Las Vegas. Thinking that "do" refers to sex, Butt-Head convinces Beavis that they can "score" and buy a new television.
Muddy drives them to the airport. In Las Vegas, Beavis and Butt-Head arrive to their booked hotel room, but Dallas catches them eavesdropping on her room and holds them at gunpoint. The boys refuse Dallas' offer of $20,000 to "do" Muddy and argue over who will "do" Dallas first. Realizing that Beavis and Butt-Head have misunderstood their instructions, she plants the "X-5 Unit" (a stolen, volatile biological weapon) in Beavis' shorts, which were lying on the floor. She tells them to meet her for sex at the U.S. Capitol, but actually plans to recover the unit.
Beavis and Butt-Head then leave the hotel and get on a tour bus. After they accidentally sabotage the Hoover Dam, Agent Flemming of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) becomes convinced that the duo are criminal masterminds and places them on the FBI's most-wanted list. Beavis and Butt-Head accidentally board the wrong bus, joining a busload of nuns who are repulsed by the boys and abandon them in Petrified Forest National Park. After walking through the desert, the boys meet and hang out with former Mötley Crüe roadies, oblivious that they are their biological fathers.
Muddy returns to the motel and meets the real hitmen. He angrily swears to track down and kill Beavis and Butt-Head. The hitmen, who stole Beavis and Butt-Head's television, abandon it in front of the motel. Beavis and Butt-Head awaken to find the drifters gone and continue walking until they become dehydrated and weak. Beavis, suffering dehydration, takes a bite out of a peyote cactus, causing him to hallucinate.
Muddy eventually finds Beavis and Butt-Head and, after learning that Dallas intends to meet them, puts them in his trunk and drives on. In Virginia, they jump out onto the interstate and cause a 400-car pileup. They walk past the scene and board their original tour bus, stopping at the Capitol before reaching the White House. Muddy confronts Dallas in a parking garage before she can can meet Beavis and Butt-Head. She seduces him and they have sex in his car.
The ATF is dispatched to the White House because Beavis and Butt-Head are there on the same day as a peace conference. Beavis is transformed into Cornholio by excessive consumption of caffeine and sugar and, wandering into the Oval Office, picks up the red phone, causing a military alert. Butt-Head hits on Chelsea Clinton but is thrown out of her bedroom window. He is then detained and cavity searched by ATF officers.
Beavis goes to their neighbor Tom Anderson's travel trailer, where Anderson catches him "whacking off" and throws him out, bottomless. The ATF, thinking Beavis has the bioweapon, are about to open fire when Anderson throws out Beavis' pants. The bioweapon flies into Butt-Head's hand and he gives it to Flemming. Anderson and his wife are accused of trying to frame Beavis and Butt-Head and are arrested along with Dallas and Muddy. Flemming proclaims Beavis and Butt-Head heroes, and they meet President Bill Clinton, who makes them honorary ATF agents.
Beavis and Butt-Head return to Highland upset that they never scored or got any money, but they find their television at the motel and walk into the sunset, carrying it and insulting each other until Beavis suggests going to Anderson’s toolshed to masturbate.

Voice cast
Mike Judge as Beavis, Butt-Head,  Tom Anderson,  Mr. Van Driessen, and Principal McVicker
Bruce Willis as Muddy Grimes
Demi Moore as Dallas Grimes
Cloris Leachman as Old Woman On Plane and Bus
Robert Stack as Agent FlemmingOther voice actors include: Jacqueline Barba, Pamela Blair, Eric Bogosian, Kristofor Brown, Tony Darling, John Doman, Francis DuMaurier, Jim Flaherty, Tim Guinee, Toby Huss, Sam Johnson, Richard Linklater, Rosemary McNamara, Harsh Nayyar, Karen Phillips, Dale Reeves, Mike Ruschak, and Gail Thomas
Greg Kinnear had an uncredited role as ATF Agent Bork; David Letterman (credited as Earl Hofert) had a role as a Mötley Crüe roadie.

Production
Development for the film began in 1993 as part of a production deal with MTV, David Geffen, and Warner Bros. Geffen so believed in the potential of the Beavis and Butt-head TV series that he suggested creating a movie and record album based on the program. They originally conceived it as a live action movie, with Saturday Night Live regulars David Spade and Adam Sandler in mind to play the title characters. After MTV's parent company Viacom purchased Paramount Pictures in 1994, the studio became a partner in the film, replacing Warner's interest in the project and dropping the live action concept under pressure from Beavis and Butt-Head creator Mike Judge. Judge has stated production of the animated film was very ad hoc and had some difficulties with progressing due to most of the staff's television background. Beavis' hallucination sequence's design and animation was based on the works of Rob Zombie. The sequence's director was Chris Prynoski.

Deleted scene
When the film premiered on MTV on August 7, 1999, an additional deleted scene followed the airing: while visiting the National Archives, Beavis attempts to use the restroom, but cannot because of the lack of toilet paper in the stall. Coincidentally, Butt-head is angry because the urinals lack the automatic flushing mechanisms that had amazed him at Yellowstone National Park. After the rest of their tour group finishes looking at the encased Declaration of Independence, Beavis sneaks out, breaks the glass with the U.S. flag pole, and steals it to use as "T.P. for his bunghole." While Archive guards rush to see what happened, Beavis cleans up, and exits the stall with a piece of the Declaration, containing John Hancock's signature, stuck to his shoe. The scene does not appear on the DVD, although it is mentioned on the disc's commentary track. In the track, Judge noted that the scene did not test well. Another alternate scene was done for when Butt-Head meets Chelsea Clinton in her bedroom, which showed her packing up to leave the White House. This alternate scene was created in the event that Bill Clinton lost his 1996 reelection bid to Bob Dole. However, by the spring of 1996, Judge ultimately decided to keep the original scene because he felt that it was looking as if Clinton was going to win reelection, which he did that November.

Reception
Box office
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America opened Number 1 in North America on December 20, 1996, and earned $63.1 million at the US box office after opening at #1 with $20.1 million. It had a $12 million production budget.

Critical reception
The film holds a 70% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 54 reviews, with a weighted average of 6.4/10. The consensus reads: "Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is unabashedly offensive, unapologetically stupid, and unexpectedly funny." On Metacritic, the film has a 64 out of 100 rating based on 16 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times praised the film as a "vulgar" satire on American youth, and compared it favorably  to Wayne's World. On the film review show Siskel and Ebert, Ebert's reviewing partner Gene Siskel gave the film a "modest recommendation", having been taken with the two lead characters. Ebert and Siskel ultimately awarded it a "two thumbs up" rating.

Awards and nominations
Home media
The film was released on VHS on June 10, 1997 and on DVD on November 23, 1999, by Paramount Home Entertainment. The bonus features on the disc were a widescreen presentation, and two theatrical trailers. The film was re-released on a Special Edition DVD in 2006 as "The Edition That Doesn't Suck". It contained more in the way of bonus features such as audio commentaries, Spanish language tracks, more trailers, "Making of" documentaries, and more. It lacks the deleted National Archives scene. In 2013, "The Edition That Doesn't Suck" was re-released on DVD exclusively by Warner Home Video, under a deal with Paramount. Oddly enough, Warner Bros. was Geffen's distributor until The Geffen Company went bankrupt. Today, Warner Bros. holds home video distribution rights to all of Geffen Pictures' library.The film was released on Blu-ray for the first time on December 7, 2021 by Paramount Home Entertainment, in commemoration of the film's 25th anniversary.

Sequel
In the years following, many fans rumored the possibility of a sequel or follow-up to the film, tentatively titled Beavis and Butt-Head: The Sequel or Beavis and Butt-Head 2. On August 31, 2009, during the promotion of Extract, Mike Judge said he would like to see Beavis and Butt-Head on the big screen again. In 2019, Judge revealed that he has "some ideas" for a new film, saying there might be potential for a live-action version of the show. On February 24, 2021, ahead of the show's reboot set at Comedy Central, a second movie based on the series was announced for the streaming service Paramount+. As the first promotion for it, the announcement was made by the titular characters in a video released for YouTube on the page for Comedy Central.

Soundtrack
"Two Cool Guys" – Isaac Hayes (3:06)
"Love Rollercoaster" – Red Hot Chili Peppers (4:37)
"Ain't Nobody" – LL Cool J (4:38)
"Ratfinks, Suicide Tanks and Cannibal Girls" – White Zombie (3:53)
"I Wanna Riot" – Rancid with Stubborn All-Stars (3:59)
"Walk on Water" – Ozzy Osbourne (4:18) *
"Snakes" – No Doubt (4:34)
"Pimp'n Ain't EZ" – Madd Head (4:21)
"The Lord Is a Monkey" (Rock Version) – Butthole Surfers (4:44)
"White Trash" – Southern Culture on the Skids (2:03)
"Gone Shootin'" – AC/DC (5:05)
"Lesbian Seagull" – Engelbert Humperdinck (3:39)Noticeably missing are "Mucha Muchacha", the version of "Lesbian Seagull" with Mr. Van Driessen singing, and the score tracks performed by The London Metropolitan Orchestra, which were released on a separate album.
"Two Cool Guys", written and performed by soul/funk musician Isaac Hayes, is a semi-parody of Hayes' Academy Award-winning "Theme from Shaft". It incorporates the theme from the Beavis and Butt-head television series as a rhythm guitar line, and series creator Mike Judge, who wrote the theme, is given a co-writing credit with Hayes in the soundtrack liner notes. The opening credit sequence which the song features in is a take-off on popular 1970s cop movies and TV shows with Beavis and Butt-Head as hip ace sleuth Lothario detectives.
The version of Ozzy Osbourne's "Walk on Water" is not the same version included in the film. The film used an earlier demo version, while the soundtrack itself contains a later, revised version. The original demo, which appears in the film, can be found on Osbourne's Prince of Darkness box set.  Ozzy and co-writer Jim Vallance both prefer the demo version heard in the film. "Walk on Water" was released as a single and peaked at number 28 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

References
External links
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at IMDb
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at the TCM Movie Database
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America official site at the Wayback Machine (archive index)
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at Box Office Mojo
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America at Rotten Tomatoes
Beavis and Butt-head Do America at the Big Cartoon DataBase
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America Review on Entertainment Weekly
Beavis and Butt-Head Do America review on Consequence of SoundWadah Khanfar (Arabic: وضاح خنفر; born 20 September 1968) is the President of Al Sharq Forum, an independent network dedicated to developing long-term strategies for political development, social justice and economic prosperity of the people of the Middle East.  He previously served as the Director General of Al Jazeera Media Network. He has been ranked by Foreign Policy Magazine in 2011 as the first in The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers, and in Fast Company as the first in the 100 Most Creative People in Business (2011) and as one of the most 'Powerful People in the World'  by Forbes magazine (2009)., in 2008 World Economic Forum named Khanfar as one of the 'Young Global Leaders'. During his tenure Al Jazeera went from a single channel to a media network with multiple properties including the Al Jazeera Arabic channel, Al Jazeera English, Al Jazeera Documentary, Al Jazeera Sport, Al Jazeera's news websites, the Al Jazeera Media Training and Development Center, the Al Jazeera Center for Studies, Al Jazeera Mubasher (Live), and Al Jazeera Mobile. On 20 September 2011, he stepped down as the head of Al Jazeera Network.

Early years and education
Wadah was born in the Palestinian town of Rama in 1968. He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering at the University of Jordan in 1990 and went on to complete a post-graduate degree in philosophy, a diploma in African Studies from Sudan International University and an Honors Degree in International Politics. During this time, Khanfar started a student's union that soon spread to several other universities and an inter-university dialogue group among students constituted from a range of political backgrounds. By 1989, the student's union was playing an active role in debating the future of the democratic process, and Khanfar started making a name for himself as a charismatic and natural leader, helping to organize forums, protests, festivals and demonstrations for student rights.

Journalism
Africa
When Al Jazeera was established in 1996, Khanfar was a graduate student in International Politics and African Studies in South Africa, and a researcher and consultant in Middle Eastern economics and political affairs. He was asked by the channel to provide an analysis on African affairs, which led to him becoming a correspondent in South Africa until 2001. At a conference in Pretoria on 27–29 August 2012, Khanfar said that he had learned about both political struggle and reconciliation during his years in South Africa.

Afghanistan
In 2001 and 2002, Khanfar reported on Afghanistan from New Delhi. Al Jazeera was unable to get its own correspondent back into the northern territories controlled by the Northern Alliance on the eve of the war, so New Delhi was used, India having a strong Northern Alliance diplomatic presence. As the Taliban regime was collapsing, Al Jazeera's presence in Kabul was threatened by problems including US fire, and concerns from journalists and diplomats that the then bureau chief and correspondent, Tayseer Allouni had become compromised as a partisan of the Taliban cause. Khanfar was brought in to replace Allouni as Kabul bureau chief and restored working relations with the new authorities.

Iraq
During the Iraq war, Khanfar reported from Kurdish-controlled territory in the north, and after the fall of Saddam Hussein's Ba'ath regime, he became Al Jazeera bureau chief in Baghdad.At this time the channel was widely perceived as playing to popular pro-Baathist and anti-Coalition Arab sentiment, despite being represented at the Coalition's Central Headquarters and having an Al Jazeera correspondent embedded within coalition forces. The then US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and then Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz publicly criticized Al Jazeera, Rumsfeld calling the channel's reporting "vicious, inaccurate and inexcusable...", while Wolfowitz claimed the station was "inciting violence" and "endangering the lives of American troops" in Iraq.This public criticism came amid attacks on Al Jazeera from US forces, including the shelling of a hotel in Basra on 8 April 2003 used solely by the channel's correspondents. Nearly a week later, US forces bombed the station's Baghdad offices wounding one cameraman and killing a correspondent, Tariq Ayoub on the same day that two Reuters journalists were killed when a US tank shell struck their office in the Palestine Hotel. In July, Khanfar wrote an open letter to Paul Bremer, the US proconsul in Iraq responding to his assertion that television stations or newspapers guilty of "incitement to violence" would be shut down. Khanfar wrote that his offices and staff had been subject to "strafing by gunfire, death threats, confiscation of news material, and multiple detentions and arrests, all carried out by US soldiers", asserting that the channel's coverage had been consistently harassed for unfavourable reporting during the Ba'athist regime. He also said that because Al Jazeera at that time was only available in Arabic, reliance on the channel's coverage came "from second-, third- and fourth-hand sources – half-truths and total falsehoods that make the rounds in Washington, Baghdad and elsewhere."

Al Jazeera executive
Khanfar became Managing Director of the Al Jazeera Channel in 2003 and Director General of the Al Jazeera Network in 2006. He spoke at the 2011 TED Conference on the ongoing Arab Spring.On 20 September 2011, Khanfar announced on his official Twitter page that he was 'moving on' from Al Jazeera after leading the channel for 8 years.

WikiLeaks
In September 2011, the non-profit whistleblowing website WikiLeaks released a cache of leaked diplomatic cables highlighting U.S. activities overseas. Several of the cables implicated Khanfar in unduly influencing Al Jazeera's news coverage of the War in Iraq at the behest of U.S. embassy officials in Qatar. In one instance, the cables suggested that Khanfar removed images of wounded Iraqi civilians from an Al Jazeera report following pressure by the U.S. embassy. They also suggested that Khanfar was anxious to keep his behind-the-scenes collaboration secret.

Resignation
In September 2011, Khanfar announced to his staff and publicly on the micro-blogging platform Twitter that he would be resigning. In an emotional farewell to Al Jazeera staff he cites that the decision had been in his mind for sometime and that the target of establishing Al Jazeera as a global media leader has been met. This is also the theme of an interview broadcast on Al Jazeera where he addresses and refutes suggestions that Wikileaks and pressure from USA may have influenced his resignation. He is succeeded by Ahmed bin Jassim Al Thani.

Criticism
Wadah Khanfar was accused by some of a pro-Islamist bias. Responding to these accusations in a 2007 interview with The Nation, Khanfar said: "Islam is more of a factor now in the influential political and social spheres of the Arab world, and the network’s coverage reflects that. Maybe you have more Islamic voices [on the network] because of the political reality on the ground." In June 2007, Hafez Al-Mirazi, Al-Jazeera's Washington bureau chief, denounced what he saw as the station's "Islamist drift", and singled out Khanfar in particular, saying: "From the first day of the Wadah Khanfar era, there was a dramatic change, especially because of him selecting assistants who are hardline Islamists."During the Iraq War, Al Jazeera broadcast a report that American troops had raided Najaf and detained the religious leaders of the Shia Islamic community, which turned out to be false. Khanfar defended the blunder as an honest mistake.Al Udeid Air Base served as a logistics hub for U.S. operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.
As Saliyah Army Base, the largest pre-positioning facility of U.S. equipment in the world, served as the forward command center for CENTCOM personnel during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Israel trade office in Qatar. Khanfar was also criticized to favor and be biased towards the Hamas political party in the Palestinian Territories, as opposed to the Palestinian Authority run by Fatah.

Membership and activities
Khanfar has the following memberships; member of International Crisis Group's Board of Trustees, member of the World Economic Forum's (DAVOS) Global Agenda Council on Geopolitical Risk 2012, board member of the Global Editors Network:empower editors-in-chief and senior news executives from around the world looking for the preservation of editorial quality when working with publishers, media owners and news suppliers.Khanfar spoke at the 2011 TED Conference on the ongoing civil uprisings in the Arab Spring.

First visit to the United States
In July 2009, Khanfar was invited to the United States by leading political and media think tanks including the Middle East Institute, New America Foundation, Council on Foreign Relations, and George Washington University. This was the first time that a Director General from Al Jazeera has visited the US. During the visit Khanfar also met with senior officials and advisors at the White House, United States Department of State and the Pentagon. On the visit to the US, Khanfar appeared on the Charlie Rose Show, NPR's Diane Rehm show, and presented at the Paley Center for Media.

References
External links
Official website
Wadah Khanfar at TED 
Lectures & Interviews of Wadah Khanfar
Interview with Wadah Khanfar
Time: Interview with Wadah Khanfar Archived 9 May 2007 at the Wayback Machine
Democracy Now: Wadah Khanfar on Obama’s Expansion of the Afghan War and US Policy in the Middle EastIn genetic genealogy, the identical ancestors point (IAP), or all common ancestors (ACA) point, or genetic isopoint, is the most recent point in a given population's past such that each individual alive at this point either has no living descendants, or is the ancestor of every individual alive in the present. This point lies further in the past than the population's most recent common ancestor (MRCA).
A set of full siblings has an IAP one generation back: their parents. Similarly, double first cousins have an IAP two generations back: the four grandparents. 
Considering all humans alive today and moving back in time, we eventually arrive at the MRCA to all humans. The MRCA had many contemporary companions. Many of these contemporaries had descendant lines to some people living today, but not to all people living today. Others did not have any children, or had descendants, but all descendant lines are now fully extinct.
Going further back, all the ancestors of the MRCA are also common ancestors to all humans, just not the most recent. As we move further back in time, other common ancestors will be found on other lines, resulting in more and more of the ancient population being common ancestors. Eventually the point is reached where all people in the past population fall into one of two categories: they are common ancestors, with at least one line of descent to everyone living today, or, they are the ancestors of no one alive today, because their lines of descent are completely extinct on every branch. This point in time is termed the 'identical ancestors point'. 
Joseph T. Chang has proposed that in a large, well mixed population of size N, we only have to go 1.77log2 (N) generations in the past to find the time when everyone in the population (who left descendants) is an ancestor to the entire population. For example, a population of 4,000 individuals would, on average, have a most recent common ancestor about 13 generations earlier and an IAP about 24 or 25 generations earlier. This model assumes random mate choice and is unrealistic for the human population, where geographic obstacles have greatly reduced mixing across the entire population.The identical ancestors point for Homo sapiens has been the subject of debate. In 2004, Rohde, Olson and Chang showed through simulations that the Identical Ancestors Point for all humans is surprisingly recent, on the order of 5,000-15,000 years ago. Ralph and Coop (2013), considering the European population and working from genetics, came to similar conclusions for the recent common ancestry of Europeans.All living people share exactly the same set of ancestors from this point back, all the way to the very first single-celled organism. However, people will vary widely in how much ancestry and genes they inherit from each ancestor, which will cause them to have very different genotypes and phenotypes.
This is illustrated in the 2003 simulation as follows: 
Considering the ancestral populations alive at 5000 BC, close to the ACA point, 
a modern-day Japanese person will get 88.4% of their ancestry from Japan, and most of the remainder from China or Korea, with only 0.00049% traced to Norway; conversely, a modern-day Norwegian will get over 92% of their ancestry from Norway (or over 96% from Scandinavia) and only 0.00044% from Japan. 
Thus, even though the Norwegian and Japanese person share the same set of ancestors, these ancestors appear in their family tree in dramatically different proportions. A Japanese person in 5000 BC with present-day descendants will likely appear trillions of times in a modern-day Japanese person's family tree, but might appear only one time in a Norwegian person's family tree. A 5000 BC Norwegian person will similarly appear far more times in a typical Norwegian person's family tree than they will appear in a Japanese person's family tree.

See also
References
External links
Identical ancestors point - explaining the relationship of "most recent common ancestor" and "identical ancestors point"Book trimming is the stage of the book production process in which the page edges of a book are trimmed so that all pages will stack with perfect edge alignment within the finished book jacket.
The step before book trimming is the binding of the folded printing sheets. Trimming is performed either with a hydraulic book trimmer that is able to cut a whole book in one or two passes or, until the invention of hydraulic book trimmers, with a cutting press (or lying press) and plough.

Cutting principles
Knife cut principle
The book cutting machine works with three knives and use the knife cut principle. The knife cut principle operates with only one knife per edge which cuts against a rubber surface. This surface supported the cut force. The three-knife-trim is performed in one step. The block is aligned and fixed by the pressure bar. The three knives cut all edges but except the spine; new machines need only one step.

Shear cut principle
The shear cut principle works with two knives – upper and bottom knife. The bottom knife is fixed and the upper knife works against the fixed one. Example of the shear cut principle is the cut of the paper web in the web offset machine and this is realized by a circular blade. To cut simple brochures (booklets) is used by a trimmer which works in two steps.

Burst cut
The third principle is the burst cut. This knife does not need a counter-acting tool. The required cut force is generated by the clamping force of the clamped paper.

See also
Book publishing
Bookbinding
Bleed (printing)


Harry Spens FRSE (c.1714–1787) was a Scottish minister who served as  Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1780.

Life
He was born in Edinburgh, the fourth child of James Spens of Alves, Moray and Anne Robertson. He completed his collegiate and graduate studies at King's College, Aberdeen, graduating with an MA in 1730. In the same year, he began his training for the ministry, and was recorded at St Andrews in 1730 assisting with a baptism for a child from his native parish of Alves.Spens was licensed to preach by the presbytery of Dalkeith on October 3rd, 1738. He was ordained as a minister of the Church of Scotland in November 1744 and became minister of Wemyss, his patron almost certainly being the Earl of Wemyss. He is recorded as having sown 9 “lippies” of linseed on the church glebe (the land allocated to his manse).In 1751, a pamphlet entitled An inquiry concerning a plan of a literary correspondence was anonymously published in Edinburgh. The document, composed as a series of questions about Plato's philosophy, theology, and life, called for interested scholars to join the authors in translating and commenting on the philosopher's works. The Inquiry has been attributed to Spens and John Chambers, minister of Elie.Spens produced the first English translation of Plato's Republic in 1763. Printed at Glasgow by the Foulis Press, the work was dedicated to John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, during his brief tenure as prime minister under King George III. The translation was reprinted in 1906 as part of the Everyman's Library collection.
Spens married Anne Duncan in 1765. The couple had a child named James in October 1771, who passed away within a month.
In 1770, Spens became involved in a curious case in the Scottish courts. A local of Wemyss, Dr. David Dalrymple, had returned from the West Indies with a negro slave, “Black Tom”,  around 1767/8. The slave came to Spens in the middle of the night to be baptized a Christian, which would legally exempt him from chattel slavery. Spens assented, and baptized Tom under the name “David Spens". David left his master and went to work on a Wemyss farm. Dalrymple brought the case to court in January 1770. Upon Dalrymple's death in the following month, the case was abandoned and David remained free.In 1778 he was minister of East Wemyss and nearby Buckhaven, both in Fife.In October 1780 he was made Professor of Divinity at St Andrews University.
When Anne died in 1781 he is recorded as living at Lathallan in St Andrews.In 1783 he was a joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He died in St Andrews in on 27 November 1787.


The Hercules monument is an important landmark in the German city of Kassel.  It is located in the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe (Wilhelmshöhe Mountainpark) in northern Hesse, Germany.
Hercules is a copper statue depicting the ancient Greek demigod Heracles (Gr. Ηρακλής, German Herkules). The statue is located at the top of a Pyramid, which stands on top of the Octagon; the statue and the other parts of the monument were constructed at different times. Today "Hercules" refers not only to the statue, but the whole monument, including the Octagon and Pyramid.  The monument is the highest point in the Wilhelmshöhe Bergpark.
The monument is located in Bad Wilhelmshöhe, on the Eastern ridge of the Habichtswald. It was built in an artificial dell of the Karlsberg (526m above sea level) on the most western and at the same time highest location (515 m) of the line of sight Schloss Wilhelmshöhe – Hercules.
On 23 June 2013 the Mountainpark and the Hercules were proclaimed as World Heritage Site during the UNESCO meeting in Phnom Penh.

Building history
Construction of the Bergpark began in 1696.  The Hercules statue was built in the years 1701 to 1717 and is based on the design of the Italian Giovanni Francesco Guerniero.  The entire complex is the northernmost part of the park and is an important baroque aspect of the Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe. It is 520 steps to the top.

Water features
For the first time the water features took place on 3 June 1714. Today during the summer (from May until October every Wednesday and Sunday afternoon) visitors can attend this event. Additionally, every first Saturday of the months of June, July, August and September this event takes place during the evening with lights of different colors illuminating the water, the fountain and the different monuments. Every time about 350.000 liters (92,000 gallons) of water are needed and visitors can follow the water's way starting from the Hercules monument and ending at the big lake of the castle Wilhelmshöhe. The water runs down the cascades, the Steinhöfer's waterfall, the devil's bridge, until it tumbles down the aqueduct before finally arriving at the lake of the castle where a fountain of about 50 meters ends the spectacle. The cascades are a 250m long stone structure that forms gigantic water stairs. This whole system relies on natural pressure from  reservoirs and underground pipes whose locks are opened manually. This system has been in place for more than 300 years.

Octagon and statue
The Hercules monument has a total height of 70.5 meters. 32.65 meters are accounted for by the Octagon; 29.60 meters for the Pyramid and 8.25 meters for the Hercules statue itself. The height difference between top of the statue and the bottom of the cascades is 179 meters.

Building material
The complete structure (Octagon and Cascades) are made of Tuff that was sourced from quarries nearby. This soft material has the advantage of a good workability but weathers quickly, particularly by frost-related erosion. This rapid weathering process has been a structural issue for the statue in its 300 years of existence. In late 2005 a complete restructuring process of the entire monument, including the Hercules statue, was initiated.  Initially projected to be completed in 2009, the restoration of the statue and monuments has been estimated to cost more than 24 million Euro and will last through 2018.

Further reading
Giovanni Francesco Guerniero, Delineatio Montis, Cassel 1706Faksimile, Leipzig 1988 (auch Stuttgart 1988)Paul Heidelbach, Die Geschichte der Wilhelmshöhe. Klinkhardt & Biermann, Leipzig, 1909Faksimile, Ed: Dieter Carl, Vellmar 2005Christiane Lukatis (ed.), Herkules. Tugendheld und Herrscherideal. Das Herkules- Monument in Kassel- Wilhelmshöhe., Eurasburg 1997, ISBN 3-932353-06-4
Thomas Ludwig, Der Herkules in Kassel, 2004, ISBN 3-7954-1668-X

External links
Google Sketchup Model of the castle
Video of the waterfeatures  (Not available to view outside of Germany)Vice admiral Thomas Davers (1689 – 16 September 1746) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station.

Naval career
Born the third son of Sir Robert Davers, 2nd Baronet, Davers was promoted to post captain in January 1713 on appointment to the command of the sixth-rate HMS Seaford. He transferred to the command of the sixth-rate HMS Solebay in August 1718, of the fifth-rate HMS Adventure in 1719 and of the fifth-rate HMS Dolphin in 1728. He went on to take the command of the third-rate HMS Grafton in March 1734, of the fourth-rate HMS Deptford in October 1734 and of the third-rate HMS Grafton again in October 1739. After that he took the command of the third-rate HMS Stirling Castle in May 1742 and of the second-rate HMS Duke in July 1743.Davers served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station, with his flag in the third-rate HMS Cornwall, from 1744 until he died of yellow fever in Jamaica on 16 September 1746. He married Catherine Smithson with whom he lived at Horringer Hall at Horringer in Suffolk.

References
Sources
Cundall, Frank (1915). Historic Jamaica. West India Committee.The 2011 Monegasque municipal elections were held on 13 March to elect the 15 members of the Communal Council of Monaco.

Electoral system
Monegasque citizens over 18 are entitled to vote. The 15 councillors were elected for a four-year period in a single multi-member constituency using plurality-at-large voting with a two-round system. A majority of the votes was required to be elected. The second round would have been held one week after the first round.
The Mayor of Monaco was elected by the councillors after the election.
Candidates were required to be at least 21 years old and to have the Monegasque nationality for at least 5 years.

Results
Georges Marsan was reelected as a mayor after the election.

References
External links
Election information and resultsAkhasan Dam is an irrigation & industrial water dam and embankment dam in Çankırı Province, Turkey. The dam was constructed between 1996 and 2001. The dam is 48 metres high, has a retained water volume of 16,000,000 m³ and covers an irrigation area of 2,253 ha

See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Turkey

References

DSI Archived 2012-05-15 at the Wayback MachineJoseph Parsons Jr. (1647–1729) was an early settler and prominent colonial leader in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Parsons Jr. was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on November 1, 1647.  His father, Cornet Joseph Parsons Sr., immigrated to America from England around 1635, and was one of the witnesses to the deed that transferred ownership of Springfield from the Native Americans to the English settlers.  He later became one of the original settlers of Northampton, Massachusetts.  Parson Jr.'s mother, Mary (Bliss) Parsons was accused of witchcraft several decades before the far more notorious Salem Witch Trials, although she was ultimately acquitted.Parsons Jr. lived most of his life in Northampton. On March 17, 1669, he married Elizabeth Strong, the daughter of John Strong, the lead elder of the church and prominent resident of the town. Parsons Jr. was involved in several business enterprises in and around Northampton, including grist mills, sawmills, and iron.  He later became active in politics; in 1696, he was commissioned as one of the four judges on the Hampshire County Court of Common Pleas, which at the time included all of Western Massachusetts.  He served in this capacity until 1719.  Parsons Jr. also served as a representative in the Massachusetts General Court; he represented Springfield in 1706 and 1708, and Northampton from 1711-1715, 1717, 1721, and 1724.  In addition, he held several other minor offices; in 1700, he was appointed as the first town moderator in Northampton history, and he also served as justice of the peace for a number of years.Throughout most of Parson Jr.'s life in Northampton, Solomon Stoddard was the pastor of the church. However, by 1725 Stoddard was 82 years old and unable to fulfill all of his pastoral duties alone. So, the town voted seven members onto a committee to find a suitable candidate to assist, and upon Stoddard's death, replace him as pastor. Joseph Parsons Jr. was one of the members of this pastoral search committee, which ultimately chose Jonathan Edwards, whose tenure as pastor would lead to the Great Awakening.Joseph Parsons Jr. died in Northampton in November, 1729.


Yasmin Ahmed Almubarak Altwaijri (Arabic: ياسمين أحمد المبارك التويجري) is a Senior Scientist and the Head of Epidemiology Research at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre (KFSH&RC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. As the Head of Epidemiology Research, she studies the causes and effects of diseases and illnesses within a specific country, in her case Saudi Arabia. She studies the prevalence of conditions such as  obesity and mental illness in Saudi society, and is active in advocating for social and political changes to promote better health.

Education
Altwaijri studied Community Health at King Saud University in Riyadh, receiving her B.Sc. in 1992. After marrying, she and her husband moved to the United States to attend graduate school. Altwaijri studied with Johanna Dwyer, director of the Frances Stern Nutrition Center at Tufts University's Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy.  She received her M.Sc. from Tufts University in 1996 and her Ph.D in 2002. Her parents strongly encouraged her to have a professional career that would enable her to be financially independent.

Career
After returning to Saudi Arabia from Boston in 2002, Altwaijri joined King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences. Next she joined King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Riyadh where she leads the epidemiology research center. She is considered one of the top senior scientists in the country.Altwaijri is involved in designing and carrying out epidemiological studies of the Saudi population, with particular attention to women, children and adolescents.One area of concern is the lack of pubertal growth standards for Saudi children.  The only standards available to Saudi pediatricians 
have been based on pubertal characteristics of children in the United States. Altwaijri is developing epidemiological studies of Saudi children that will be sensitive to factors in Saudi life such as socioeconomic standards, diet, and geography.She also researches risk factors such as obesity, smoking, hypertension, high blood cholesterol and lack of exercise, which affect chronic diseases. She emphasizes the importance of social determinants of health and strongly advocates for social and political changes that would promote more healthy lifestyles.  She is particularly concerned about women, who are at a higher risk of developing obesity than Saudi men, in part because socio-cultural factors restrict opportunities for women to exercise and discourage women's participation in sports. Altwaijri advocates for the inclusion of a physical curriculum for girls as well as boys in schools; creation of safe neighborhood play spaces for both male and female children; safe areas where adult men and women can be physically active; and affordable health clubs for both women and men. She also supports regulation of food prices to promote the choice of healthy over unhealthy foods. To keep her children active, she enrolled them in competitive team swimming, where they became eligible to attend the AAU Junior Olympic Games.Altwaijri is a Principal Investigator for the Saudi National Mental Health Survey, a broad-based investigation assessing the impact of mental illness in Saudi communities. No research into this area had been done previously in Saudi Arabia, even though the 
World Health Organization (WHO) reports that five of the ten most burdensome diseases in the world involve mental health. In addition to Saudi government and educational institutions, this research involves international collaboration with Harvard University, the University of Michigan, and the World Health Organization. The study, which was initiated in 2009, had the goal of visiting the homes of 5,000 men and women to interview people from across the country. 86% of interviewees were willing to participate.

Obesity in Saudi Arabia
Obesity, and specifically childhood obesity, is on the rise around the world. This trend is mostly seen in developed countries, but it is also seen in developing countries, including the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe. Saudi Arabia has seen an increase in childhood obesity and one in every six children in Saudi Arabia is obese. These trends correlate to lack of exercise, problems with focusing at school, and a decrease in playing with other children. Among the adult population, there is a prevalence of 42.4% obesity in males and 31.8% obesity in females. This rise in obesity puts a major strain on the healthcare system in Saudi Arabia as it is a risk factor for more serious diseases, such as cardiovascular disease. It can be attributed to the recent strengthening of the economy in Saudi Arabia. The accelerating economy was accompanied by a more "westernized" diet with more nutritional concerns.

Women in science
Altwaijri chairs the Saudi Women in Science Committee, a national network of female scientists from Saudi Arabia.  She encourages Saudi women to enter scientific and technological fields, arguing that women scientists can use electronic forms of communication to collaborate and do significant work without "cross[ing] the boundaries of our societal norms and customs."  She indicates that restrictions such as the ban on women drivers make it difficult for women to go to work or to visit a fitness center.Altwaijri is one of thirty-five women featured in the book Arab Women Rising, which includes women from Tunisia to Saudi Arabia.  She was included in the BBC's 2014 list featuring 100 Women internationally.


This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Massachusetts.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.There are 139 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 5 National Historic Landmarks.

          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted February 25, 2022.

Current listings
Former listings
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massachusetts


The Future Of Jobs Fund was a UK government initiative introduced in 2009 which aimed to help long term unemployed people back into employment. It was cut by the Coalition government, Prime Minister David Cameron claiming the scheme was "expensive, badly targeted and did not work". However, a 2012 report by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) found that the scheme produced a net benefit though tax receipts and a reduced benefits bill. It estimated that the FJF programme resulted in:

a net benefit to participants of approximately £4,000 per participant
a net benefit to employers of approximately £6,850 per participant
a net cost to the Exchequer of approximately £3,100 per participant
a net benefit to society of approximately £7,750 per participantUnder the baseline assumptions, the total net cost of the programme to the Exchequer was estimated to be approximately £330m. The gross cost to the
Exchequer was approximately £720m but it is estimated to have recouped roughly 50 pence for each pound that was spent on the programme.

See also
New Deal of the Mind


Elizabeth Sager Sharp CNM, DrPH, FAAN, FACNM, (December 16, 1933 - February 7, 2016) was an American nurse and midwife who specialized in maternal and newborn health. In 1999, she received the American College of Nurse-Midwives' Hattie Hemschemeyer Award.Sharp started to work as a midwife at Holland City Hospital in Holland, Michigan. She continued her nurse training at Yale University, graduating in 1959. She was taught by Ernestine Wiedenbach. She also worked with Ruth Lubic. Sharp received a doctorate in public health from Johns Hopkins University.Sharp set up the Yale Young Mothers program to support teenage mothers. She believed that midwifery services must include family planning.In 1970 Sharp moved to Georgia. She was one of the founders of the midwife service at Grady Memorial Hospital (the Emory University Nurse-Midwifery Service). In the 1970s Sharp set up a graduate midwifery training program, the Emory University Nurse-Midwifery Program, at Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing at Emory University. She was also one of the founders of the Graduate School of Public Health at Emory.Sharp was president of the American College of Nurse-Midwives between 1973 and 1975. She is said to have "the credit for [setting up] midwifery in Georgia”.After her death at the age of 82, a scholarship was set up in her name at Emory University. Her role in the history of midwifery and nursing has been studied.

Publications
"Relationships between Professions: From the Viewpoint of the Physician and Nurse‐Midwife in a Tertiary Center" (1981), with W. Newton Long, in Bulletin of the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics Vol. III, No. 3. pp. 184–200, and then in Journal of Nurse-Midwifery, 1982
"Nurse-midwifery education: its successes, failures, and future" (1983), in Journal of Nurse-Midwifery, 28(2):17-23

References
External links
Elizabeth Sager Sharp: December 16, 1933 - February 07, 2016Nixon is the fifth studio album by American rock band Lambchop. It was released on February 7, 2000 and was issued by Merge Records and City Slang.
Nixon became a breakthrough release for Lambchop in the United Kingdom, where it received critical acclaim and was named among the best albums of 2000 by numerous publications.

Composition
Nixon has been described as a merging of chamber pop, countrypolitan, and R&B sounds alongside "sweet" soul music.

Artwork and title
The title Nixon alludes to Richard Nixon and was derived from the album's cover artwork, which is a painting by Wayne White, a friend of Lambchop frontman Kurt Wagner. "He always plays around with slogans or words. He considered the material on the Nixon album to be tragicomic, and an image of Nixon came to mind," Wagner explained.

Release
Nixon was released on February 7, 2000 by Lambchop's European label City Slang, and on February 8, 2000 by the band's American label Merge Records. It peaked at number 60 on the UK Albums Chart. "Up with People" was released as a single from the album on May 2, 2000, reaching number 66 on the UK Singles Chart. According to The Guardian's John Aizlewood, Nixon established Lambchop as "standard bearers" for alternative country music, and "proved that the genre could be commercially viable if it painted its off-kilter pictures of redemption and loss in glorious Technicolor rather than mealy-mouthed monochrome."

Critical reception
Nixon was released to highly positive reviews from music critics, receiving a score of 84 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim". The album was particularly well received by the British music press. NME critic Gavin Martin deemed it Lambchop's best record and said that its "sheer sonorous delight" justified comparisons to The Beach Boys' 1966 album Pet Sounds, while Allan Jones of Uncut praised Nixon as "one of the first great records of the new millennium". At the end of 2000, Nixon was named one of the year's best albums by numerous British publications, including Uncut (who ranked it as the best album of 2000), Mojo, NME, and Q.Nixon was later included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.

Track listing
All tracks are written by Kurt Wagner, except where noted.

Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.

Charts
References
External links
Nixon at Discogs (list of releases)For Independence (Itsenäisyyden Puolesta) was a right-wing political organization operating in Finland in the 1970s and 1980s, which opposed the influence of the Soviet Union in Finland, the policy of President Urho Kekkonen and socialism.

History and activities
For Independence began its activities in Helsinki in the autumn of 1971 and was registered in April 1972. Local branches were also established in Lahti, Tampere, Turku and Vaasa. The first president of the association and the original central figure was the publisher Kauko Kare. In 1968 around him had formed a group called the Thursday Club, which also published the magazine Nootti. For Independence gathered together right-wing critics of President Kekkonen. It was co-founded by several individuals who later joined the Constitutional Right Party (POP). Well-known hard-right politicians such as Tuure Junnila and Georg C. Ehrnrooth spoke at the organization’s events. However, For Independence was non-partisan. Members of the Board included politicians from multiple parties that opposed "Soviet hegemony".
In the autumn of 1974, a national umbrella organization, Popular Association For Independence, was established and journalist Heikki S. Eskelinen was elected chairman. A couple of years later, Eskelinen also replaced Kare as head of the Helsinki chapter. During Eskelinen's leadership, contacts were also established with the anti-communist Finnish Society Support (SYT) and the Business Commission (EVA). For Independence published in 1977 the pamphlet "Beware of the revolution" of which more than 30,000 copies were distributed through SYT.For Independence supported parliamentarism but included several far-right activists, such as historian Mikko Uola. It was also linked to the Independent Finnish Youth (SIN), a youth organization that had been established in the early 1970s led by Jouni Lanamäki. SIN had been originally named Patriotic National Movement (IKL) after the fascist Patriotic People's Movement (IKL) and was connected to the neo-nazi Nordic Realm Party (NRP).In the 1980s, For Independence also supported Estonian separatism by disseminating information on the subject and organizing emigrant Estonians to speak at its events. In the 1980s, it became a member of the World Anti-Communist League, an international umbrella organization for anti-communism. For Independence ceased to be active after the end of the Cold War.

North Star organization
The organisation's chairman, Heikki Eskelinen, and its secretary, First Lieutenant Pertti Olavi Riutta, became embroiled in a conspiracy involving espionage in the early 1980s. In 1978, Riutta founded a secret military organization called the North Star, which was intended to be a resistance movement should the Soviet Union occupy Finland. He recruited a two-digit number of members from For Independence, including officers and police. Riutta stole firearms, hand grenades and explosives from the Finnish Defense Forces for the use of the North Star. Riutta and Eskelinen provided the French intelligence service with information concerning the Soviet Union, in return for printing the Swiss Total Resistance manual that Riutta had translated into Finnish.
When the activities came to the attention of the Finnish Security Intelligence Service, Eskelinen and Riutta were arrested in April 1982. In addition to them, a dozen people were interrogated. These explained that they thought it was a sensitive but officially approved act, so the charges - titled “Deliberate gathering of information for a foreign state in a manner detrimental to Finland's relations with foreign states" - were limited to Eskelinen and Riutta. In March 1984, the Supreme Court sentenced Riutta and Eskelinen to imprisonment for espionage in favor of France, as well as for firearm and explosive offences.


Keith Aubrey Jones (born 14 October 1965) is an English retired professional footballer, best remembered for his time as a midfielder in the Football League with Brentford and Charlton Athletic. He also played for Southend United, Chelsea, Reading and was capped by England at youth level. He later became a youth and women's coach.

Club career
Chelsea and Brentford (1983–1991)
A midfielder, Jones began his career in the Chelsea youth system and made his senior debut in a 3–0 Second Division defeat to Barnsley on 26 March 1983. After one further appearance late in the 1982–83 season, he returned to the youth team and would not appear again until 1984–85, by which time the Blues had been promoted to the First Division. Injuries allowed Jones to break through into the team in September 1984 and he remained a squad player until September 1987, when he dropped down to the Third Division to join Brentford for a tribunal-fixed fee of £40,000. By the beginning of the 1988–89 season, Jones had been appointed club captain and was a part of the Bees teams which reached the sixth round of the 1988–89 FA Cup and the 1991 Third Division play-off semi-finals. His efforts during the 1990–91 season were recognised with his inclusion in the Third Division PFA Team of the Year. In October 1991, a contract dispute with manager Phil Holder saw Jones transfer to Second Division Southend United for a tribunal-fixed fee of £175,000.

Southend United, Charlton Athletic and Reading (1991–2002)
Despite making over 100 appearances for the club, Jones' four years with Southend United yielded little success on the pitch and he transferred to First Division rivals Charlton Athletic for a £150,000 fee in September 1994. In just under six years at The Valley, he was a part of two teams which won promotion to the Premier League – the first in 1998 after victory in the First Division play-off Final and the second two years later, when the club won the First Division title. Jones was transfer-listed in May 2000 and signed a two-year contract with Second Division club Reading on a free transfer on 1 July 2000. Now the twilight years of his career, Jones was utilised as a squad player and was a part of the team which won automatic promotion to the First Division on the final day of the 2001–02 season. He was released in May 2002 and retired from football.

International career
Jones was capped by England at schoolboy and youth level.

Coaching career
Jones began his coaching career in 2000, while still a player. He coached at Chelsea and Tooting & Mitcham United, before moving to the United States in 2006 to coach Atlanta Silverbacks Women. Jones moved to Arizona youth club SC del Sol in 2009.

Career statistics
Honours
As a player
Charlton Athletic

Football League First Division: 1999–00
Football League First Division play-offs: 1997–98Reading

Football League Second Division second-place promotion: 2001–02

As a manager
Atlanta Silverbacks Women

USL W-League Central Conference: 2007
USL W-League Atlantic Division: 2007

As an individual
USL W-League Coach of the Year: 2007
Football League Third Division PFA Team of the Year: 1990–91
Football League Young Eagle of the Month: December 1984

References
External links
Keith Jones at Soccerbase 
Keith Jones at premierleague.comPrabhu Sah (Nepali: प्रभु साह) is a Nepalese politician and a former Minister of Urban Development of Government of Nepal. He belongs to CPN (UML).

Political life
In the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Rautahat 3 (constituency), winning 11,625 votes. In the 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election  he was elected from the Rautahat 3 (constituency), winning 13,009 votes. He was elected, in the elections held in 2017, as a member of the House of Representatives from his home district. Sah also served as  Minister for Law and Constitutional Affairs under Jhalanath Khanal cabinet in 2011, also Minister of Urban Development under Sher Bahadur Deuba cabinet and Minister of Land Management, Cooperatives and Poverty Alleviation.

Literature
He wrote many books inspired by his life. Some of them are Madheshi Mukti ka Aadharharu, Mera Yatana Ka 270 Deen haru, Janayudha ra Madhesi Mukti ko Karyadisa, etc.

Electoral history
He was elected to the Member of House of Representatives in 2017, Member of 2013 Constituent Assembly and Member of 2008 Constituent Assembly.
2017 legislative elections 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

2013 Constituent Assembly election 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

 2008 Constituent Assembly election 
Rautahat 3 (constituency)

See also
2021 split in Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre)


The Minister of Industry and Commerce is a former cabinet position in the province of Manitoba, Canada.
The department's origins can be traced back to 1932, when John Stewart McDiarmid was appointed as minister of Mines and Natural Resources, and for Industry.  The department was renamed as "Industry and Commerce" in 1940.
The position was eliminated in 1978, and its responsibilities dispersed among other departments.

List of Ministers of Industry and Commerce
References

McDiarmid was styled as Minister of Industry until November 4, 1940.Heinrich "Heinz" Kurschildgen, called the "goldmaker of Hilden", was a charlatan in pre-World War II Germany. He made numerous people, including Nazi leader Heinrich Himmler, believe that he was able to make valuable resources such as gold, radium or petrol out of base materials.

Weimar Republic: gold and radium
In 1914, the young Kurschildgen began an apprenticeship in a dye factory in Hilden. Fascinated by the chemicals he worked with, he cobbled together a chemical laboratory of his own and after a short time claimed to have made numerous sensational discoveries. He convinced   several investors that he had found a way to make gold, and was prosecuted for fraud in 1922. Kurschildgen was, however, found to be not criminally responsible because of dementia praecox, and the case was dismissed on the condition that Kurschildgen stop approaching investors with gold-making schemes.Complying with this restriction, Kurschildgen then began claiming that he was able to synthesize radium, a very rare and expensive radioactive element. He demonstrated his "transmutation" of uranium oxide into radium to physicists of the University of Cologne, but declined to explain his procedure. When the newspapers took up his claims, the Physikalisch-Technische Reichsanstalt examined them and found them to be fraudulent. In May 1928, as a result of the publicity Kurschildgen now enjoyed, the apothecary of his hometown Hilden had a bust of Kurschildgen installed in town, mockingly dedicated to the "genius goldmaker".In 1929, Kurschildgen returned to the gold-making business. He unsuccessfully contacted the German president Paul von Hindenburg as well as Reichsbank president Hjalmar Schacht with proposals to manufacture gold to pay back Germany's World War I reparations. With private backers, Kurschildgen had more success, obtaining an advance of 100,000 Reichsmark from a Cologne businessman and an offer of 1 million marks from an American millionaire called Harris. In 1930, 15 of his defrauded clients brought criminal charges against him, and after being found criminally responsible (if "not very intelligent") this time, he was convicted to 18 months imprisonment. The news of his trial and conviction was reported as far away as Australia.

Nazi Germany: petrol
After his release from prison, Kurschildgen sought the attention of the new Nazi government with claims of being able to make petrol from water. He was visited by Wilhelm Keppler, Hitler's scientific advisor, and agreed to reveal his methods to the Reichspatentamt as well as to surrender the exclusive rights to his invention to the government. After his claims seized the interest of high-ranking Nazis such as Werner Best and SS leader Heinrich Himmler, the Gestapo received a warning that Kurschildgen was prone to "fantastic experiments". He was visited by party leaders in his laboratory, who were not convinced by his petrol-making apparatus, and ordered the inventor with all his machinery to be moved to the Physikalisch-Technische Reichsanstalt in Berlin.After the physicists of the Reichsanstalt declared his contraption to be useless, Kurschildgen became a factor in Party intrigues. Joseph Goebbels sneered in a diary entry of 27 January 1935:

"Himmler ist auf einen Gold- und Benzinmacher Kurschildgen hereingefallen. Wollte mich auch beschwindeln. Ich hab ihn gleich erkannt."
(Himmler fell for a gold and petrol maker, Kurschildgen. He wanted to defraud me, too. I recognized him at once.)Kurschildgen was detained at the Columbia-Haus concentration camp in 1936, and sentenced by a criminal court to three years of imprisonment. He was released early for "diligence and good behavior" in 1938, but was soon rearrested on Himmler's orders, who feared that Kurschildgen would reveal his involvement with the SS and thereby embarrass Himmler. Kurschildgen however successfully petitioned Gestapo head Reinhard Heydrich to obtain his definitive release.

After the war: attempts at rehabilitation
After the end of World War II, Kurschildgen unsuccessfully sought to be recognized as a victim of Nazi persecution, claiming that "the Gestapo would stop at nothing to get at my invention". He retained his old acquaintance Werner Best as legal counsel, whom he had supported in de-Nazification proceedings by testifying to Best's good conduct towards detainees.Best proposed requesting a pardon for the 1936 conviction, which Kurschildgen refused. Kurschildgen then spent years trying to have his conviction overturned, which the Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf ultimately declined to do.

Further reading
Kurschildgen's exploits are reported in The goldmakers: 10,000 years of alchemy by Kurt Karl Doberer (1948), The natural science of stupidity by Paul Tabori (1962) and (under the heading "worst alchemist") in Best, worst, and most unusual by Bruce Felton and Mark Fowler (1985).


Sankaty (a.k.a. HMCS Sankaty, a.k.a. Charles A. Dunning) was a propeller-driven steamer that served as a ferry to Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket in Massachusetts; in Rockland, Maine; Stamford, Connecticut and Oyster Bay, Long Island in the United States from 1911 to 1940. During World War II, the ship was requisitioned by the Royal Canadian Navy for service as a minelayer and maintenance vessel along the Canadian Atlantic coast. Following the war the ship returned to a ferry, working the  Wood Islands, Prince Edward Island and Caribou, Nova Scotia route in Canada from 1947 until 1964. While being towed to the breaker's yard, the ship sank off the coast of Nova Scotia on October 27, 1964.

Description
Sankaty was designed by Chauncey G. Whiton. The ship was 195 feet (59 m) long, a slim vessel with twin propellers and twin smokestacks. She had a 36-foot (11 m) beam, and 32 feet (10 m) at the waterline and drew 9 feet 6 inches (2.9 m) of water. The ship had a depth of hold of 13 feet (4.0 m). The ship had a gross register tonnage (GRT) of 657 tons. Sankaty rolled much more than the sidewheelers that preceded it. Because of this, the ladies' parlor and toilet was situated on the upper deck in a location to reduce the motion and vibration while on the rough waters of Vineyard Sound.The ship was powered by a triple expansion engine fed by steam from four Almy water-tube boilers turning the two propellers. The ship had a maximum speed of 14 knots (16 mph). In Canadian naval service, the ship had standard displacement of 459 long tons (466 t), a complement of 3 officers and 39 ratings and the vessel was armed with one .303 machine gun.

Career
Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Ferry
Sankaty  built by the Fore River Works in Quincy, Massachusetts with the yard number 192. The ship was launched on 2 February 1911 and completed in April. From her construction in 1911 until 1924, Sankaty operated as a ferry for the New Bedford, Martha's Vineyard & Nantucket Steamboat Company, serving the islands of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket. While not the first propeller-driven steamer to serve these islands (which was Helen Augusta which substituted for Monohansett during the American Civil War) it marked the end of the paddlewheel steamer era for the Cape and Islands.On 20 February, 1917 she went ashore on Wilburs Point at Sconticut Neck near New Bedford, Massachusetts. Refloated, repaired and returned to service.

1924 fire, Maine and New York Ferry Service
On the night of June 30, 1924, Sankaty caught fire and burned down to her steel hull while tied up overnight in New Bedford harbor. She drifted across the Acushnet River in flames and crashed into the whaling ship Charles W. Morgan, setting her on fire as well.Sankaty was raised, sold and rebuilt with an open deck for use as a car ferry in Rockland, Maine. Owned by the New England Steamship Company, the vessel was sold to Snow Marine Company in 1925. In 1931, the vessel was sold again, this time to the Stamford-Oyster Bay Ferries Corporation to serve as a ferry between Stamford, Connecticut, and Oyster Bay, Long Island.

Canadian service and fate
In 1940 Sankaty was purchased by Northumberland Ferries of Prince Edward Island, Canada, but before she began service she was requisitioned by the Royal Canadian Navy that year to serve in World War II as a minelayer, HMCS Sankaty. The ship was commissioned on 24 September 1940 at Halifax, Nova Scotia and was also used as a maintenance vessel. With the end of the war, the ship was paid off on 18 August 1945. Never entirely suitable for job as a minelayer, the ship was replaced in Canadian service by HMCS Whitethroat.After the war she was renamed Charles A. Dunning, and served from 1946 until 1964 in the waters between Wood Islands, Prince Edward Island and Caribou, Nova Scotia. During this period her capacity was twenty-three cars and four trucks. She was sold for scrap in 1964, but sank en route to Sydney, Nova Scotia on October 27, 1964.

The new Sankaty

In 1994, The Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority began service of a new freight vessel Sankaty, named after this steamer.


== Notes ==Jean-Michel Moreau (26 March 1741 – 30 November 1814), also called Moreau le Jeune ("the younger"), was a French draughtsman, illustrator and engraver.

Biography
Moreau le Jeune, as he is usually called, was born in Paris. He was the pupil of the painter Louis-Joseph Le Lorrain who accompanied his master to St Petersburg in 1758 when Le Lorrain went to be the first director of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Fine Arts established the previous year, where Moreau briefly taught drawing before returning to Paris in 1759, after Le Lorrain's unexpected death.

He worked for the engraver Jacques-Philippe Lebas, producing reproductive drawings of contemporary paintings and those of Old Masters for engravers to work from and learning etching During the 1760s he also provided drawings to be engraved for the Recueil d’antiquités of the comte de Caylus, who kept a benevolent watch over him. For Diderot and Alembert’s Encyclopédie he provided pen and wash drawings for the engravers, illustrating artisanal processes. As an engraver he collaborated with François Boucher, Hubert Gravelot and others on illustrations for an edition of Ovid’s Metamorphoses.In 1765 Moreau married Françoise-Nicole Pineau, daughter of François Pineau, master sculptor, and Jeanne-Marie Prault - whose father was Pierre Prault, patriarch of a family of publishers, privilègiés du Roi.
In 1770 he succeeded Charles-Nicolas Cochin as chief Dessinateur des Menus Plaisirs du Roi, on Cochin's recommendation, which occasioned his prints celebrating the marriage of the Dauphin and his coronation as Louis XVI; in 1781, in part on the strength of these productions he was appointed Dessinateur et Graveur du Cabinet du Roi, which brought an annual pension and lodgings in the galleries of the Palais du Louvre. Now he found that he required the services of other engravers to reproduce his own designs, which included illustrations for the  Chansons of Jean-Benjamin de La Borde (1773), the collected works of Rousseau (1773–82) and of Voltaire (printed at Brussels, 1782–9). For the Menus Plaisirs, the office that produced and executed all the designs for settings of court festivities and recorded them in presentation drawings, he recorded many occasions such as his famous pen-and-wash record of the inauguration in September 1771 of Mme du Barry's Pavillon de Louveciennes (illustration, right). He still found time for intimate portrait drawings in charcoal and chalks

Moreau's name appears in the 1778 roster of Les Neuf Soeurs, the masonic lodge named for the Muses that had been founded two years previously by the astronomer Jérôme Lalande, and which served as a forum for progressive ideas.
He traveled to Italy for six months in 1785 and wasagrée at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture in 1780 and received there as a full member in 1789. The French Revolution, with which Moreau was in sympathy, did not hinder his success as an illustrator, providing engravers with pen and wash drawings to replicate, as for a French translation of the Aeneid published in 1804 In 1793 Moreau was appointed to the commission temporaire des arts and in 1797 was made a professor at the newly reformed écoles centrales. With the Bourbon restoration in 1814 Louis XVIII appointed him once again to a royal office. He died in Paris.
In his prolific career his best-known works are those twenty-four illustrations that record fashionable dress and interiors of the last years of the Ancien Régime, his contributions to the Monument du costume physique et morale, twelve as a Suite d'estampes pour servir à l'histoire dews mœurs des François au dix-huitième siècle, 1776 and 1777, and twelve more in the Troisième Suite d'éstampes pour servir a l'Histoire des Moeurs et du Costume..., 1783, published by his uncle by marriage, L.-F. Prault, and many times re-issued in varying formats, notably in a collection in 1789 with text by Restif de la Bretonne. Each of the first dozen of these vignettes of stylish contemporary life has an element of anecdote, reporting in a cohesive and unified manner "a highly idealized vision of an aristocratic family's approach to childbearing and motherhood based on the philosophy of Rousseau" (Heller-Greenman). In the second suite, a hint of criticism of aristocratic duplicity in affairs of the heart can be discerned and some rural vignettes vertueuses (sentimental and virtuous) provide a contrasting social world in the manner of Greuze.
Moreau le Jeune's reputation was resuscitated from oblivion in the later nineteenth century by the connoisseurs of the dix-huitième Edmond and Jules de Goncourt.

Notes
Further reading
Adrien Moureau. Les Moreaus (Librairie de L'Art, 1893).
Marie-Joseph-François Mahérault, 1979. L'œuvre gravé de Jean-Michel Moreau le jeune (1741–1814) : catalogue raisonné et descriptif avec notes iconographiques et bibliographiques, suivi d'un catalogue raisonné de gravures d'après Moreau et d'un supplément contenant un catalogue des dessins de Moreau (Amsterdam)
Edmond et Jules Goncourt L'art du  dix-huitème siècle Tome II, (Paris: Rapilly, 1874) - chapter devoted to Moreau, pages 151 to 232
Jean Chrétien Ferdinand Hoefer, Nouvelle Biographie générale, t. 36, Paris, Firmin-Didot, 1861, p.495-7
Dorothy P. Arthur et David Smith, Sur un collaborateur énigmatique de l'Encyclopédie : Jean-Michel Moreau dit le Jeune, Recherches sur Diderot et sur l'Encyclopédie, 2008, no°43, p.145-157

External links
(Getty Museum) Jean-Michel Moreau le Jeune
(Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco) Several drawings
Bernadine Heller-Greenman, "Moreau le Jeune and the Monument du Costume", Athanor 20 (On-line text, pdf format)
Biographie de Jean-Michel Moreau (the death date 1819 is a misprint.)Rufus King Howell (1820 – October 4, 1890) was a Justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court from April 3, 1865, to January 9, 1877.In 1865, Howell was appointed by Governor James Madison Wells to the newly constituted post-Civil War court. Although he formally held his seat until January 1877, he did not participate in the last sitting of the court held in that month. The court was thereafter completely replaced by the new Democratic administration which took over the state government at that time.


Trenton Thunder Ballpark, formerly known as Mercer County Waterfront Park and Arm & Hammer Park, is a ballpark in Trenton, New Jersey. It is the home park for the Trenton Thunder, a collegiate summer baseball team of the MLB Draft League. They were previously a Double-A level Minor League Baseball team of the Eastern League (1980–2020). For 2021, it served as temporary home of Triple-A East's Buffalo Bisons, as their regular stadium, Sahlen Field, was being used by the Toronto Blue Jays due to travel restrictions brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. The official seating capacity is 6,440.

History
The park was built for the 1994 season, although it opened several weeks late due to a rough winter that hampered construction. The sod also was unable to take properly that season, and the field did not properly drain, leading to rainouts on evenings where the sun had been out since noon. The drainage problem was fixed in 1995.
The stadium's original name was "Mercer County Waterfront Park" when it opened in 1994. "Samuel J. Plumeri, Sr. Field" was added to the original name in 1999 by Trenton Thunder owner, Joe Plumeri (Chairman and CEO of Willis Group Holdings).  Samuel J. Plumeri, Sr. was Joe Plumeri's father. In November 2012, the New Jersey-based Arm & Hammer purchased the ballpark's naming rights. Following the 2020 season the sponsorship was discontinued as the professional minor league Thunder lost their affiliation as part of the 2021 reorganization of Minor League Baseball.On July 8, 1996, the ballpark hosted the Double-A All-Star Game in which a team of National League-affiliated All-Stars defeated a team of American League-affiliated All-Stars, 6–2, before 8,369 people in attendance.In June 2014, the park hosted the first-ever, gold– and bronze–medal games in baseball for the Special Olympics USA National Games. In 2018, it hosted the Eastern League All-Star Game.

Attendance records
The ballpark set a record for game attendance on July 3, 2011, when the Thunder played the Altoona Curve. The game had the fortune of falling on the Independence Day holiday weekend, as well as featuring an injury rehabilitation appearance by Derek Jeter of the New York Yankees, the Thunder's major league affiliate at the time. The official attendance for the game was 9,212.When Alex Rodriguez played two games on back-to-back nights in August 2013, the official attendance was reported at 8,080 and 8,113, respectively.

Features
While the outfield in left and center field is covered with advertising signs that obscure views of Route 29 and nearby houses, the right field fence was kept as a short structure so that fans could see the Delaware River and Pennsylvania beyond. The river is also an inviting target for left-handed sluggers, several of whom have deposited baseballs into the water. Similar to Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio and its river border with Kentucky, the ballpark also holds the possibility of having someone "hit one out of the state" since the middle of the Delaware River is the border with Pennsylvania.
On June 7, 1994, Tony Clark became the first player to hit a fair ball into the Delaware.The stadium anchors an area of rejuvenation in Trenton that also includes office buildings, nightclubs, and the CURE Insurance Arena, several blocks away, for ice hockey, basketball and arena football.

References
External links
Trenton Thunder
Arm & Hammer Park Views - Ball Parks of the Minor LeaguesOf the Farm is a 1965 novel by the American author John Updike. Of the Farm was his fourth novel.  The story concerns Joey Robinson, a divorced, thirty-five-year-old Manhattan advertising executive who visits his mother on her unfarmed farm in rural Pennsylvania.  He has come with his new wife, Peggy and her son, Richard, a precocious eleven-year-old.  The novel explores both Joey's relationship to his widowed mother, a flinty woman who reveres her farm, and to Peggy, a kind, sensual woman.  Joey feels guilt for leaving his mother, and anger at her stubborn refusal to leave the farm, and anger at her from having uprooted his late father from the suburbs to move to the farm decades ago.  Joey is buffeted by doubt, angst, and anger, and is pinballed between his dueling mother and Peggy.


The Texas Defence of Marriage Act is an act that specifies that US State of Texas does not recognise same-sex marriage or civil union.
The statute was enacted in 2003, it made void in Texas any same-sex marriage or civil union. This statute also prohibits the state or any agency or political subdivision of the state from giving effect to same-sex marriages or civil unions performed in other jurisdictions.The act was signed by Governor Rick Perry in 2003.Subsequently Texas Proposition 2 (2005) wrote similar restrictions into the state constitution.
Early appeals based on the unconstitutionality of the restrictions have been lost, or lost on appeal.
On 26 February 2014 San Antonio-based Judge Orlando Garcia struck down the Texas state ban on same sex marriage stating that the "current prohibition has no legitimate governmental purpose."  A stay has been granted awaiting appeal.

See also
LGBT history in Texas
Same-sex marriage law in the United States by state


Mass Effect: Deception is a novel by writer William C. Dietz set in the Mass Effect universe. Published in 2012 by Del Rey Books, it is the fourth novel set in the Mass Effect universe, and continues the story of the previous three novels. Deception is notable for the negative reception from fans of the Mass Effect series, which prompted significant coverage from media outlets. In response to the negative reception, BioWare announced in February 2012 that they intended to revise the novel's content for future editions of Deception. No rewrite has been announced or published ever since.

Plot
Cerberus assassin Kai Leng journeys to the ancient city of Thondu on the batarian homeworld of Khar'shan to retrieve an item in an auction of rare goods and artifacts. The item in question is the design for a DNA-specific bio-weapon tailored to target the Illusive Man, the leader of Cerberus, and which could potentially affect thousands of people distantly related to him. Leng snatches the design and makes his escape.
On the Citadel, David Anderson, Kahlee Sanders, and Nick Donahue prepare to speak to the Citadel Council about Paul Grayson's attack on the Grissom Academy. At the Citadel Tower, Anderson and Sanders inform the Council of the Reapers' involvement, but the Councilors are unconvinced and prefer to argue that Grayson was acting on behalf of Cerberus, even after they are shown Grayson's Reaper-mutated corpse. Anderson and Sanders are told to continue their investigation. After the presentation, they find that Nick has disappeared. They go to The Cube, a gym for biotics, to see if he had gone there early, but no luck. A volus attendant at The Cube directs them to Ocosta Lem and Arrius Sallus, a salarian and a turian that Nick had been seen with on earlier visits. Lem and Sallus's address turns out to be fake, and Anderson and Sanders come to conclusion that Nick is missing.
Kai Leng meets with the Illusive Man on an abandoned mining world in the Crescent Nebula. The Illusive Man orders Leng to steal Paul Grayson's body and begin observing Anderson and Sanders; their recent activities on the Citadel have drawn unwelcome attention to Cerberus.
Elsewhere in the galaxy, the batarian slave ship Glory of Khar'shan attacks the quarian ship Idenna, carrying Gillian Grayson and Hendel Mitra, who are part of the ship's security team. When the batarians disable the Idenna's drives and board it, Gillian and Mitra help defend the ship. With Gillian's help, the quarians gain the upper hand and charge onto the Glory of Khar'shan. One of the ship's freed slaves is Hal McCann, a former Cerberus operative who worked on the space station where Paul Grayson had been experimented on with Reaper technology. McCann keeps this fact to himself, but does tell Gillian that her father had been killed and persuades her that information on who killed her father could be found on the Citadel. Deciding to track down her father's killer, Gillian commandeers the Glory of Khar'shan and brings Mitra and McCann with her.
Anderson and Sanders find a message from Nick at their apartment. Nick explains that he left to join a group known as the Biotic Underground that advocates biotic supremacy over all of the galaxy's races. Anderson uses contacts in C-Sec to dig up info on where Nick had gone. Videos show Nick leaving with Ocosta Lem and Arrius Sallus, members of the Biotic Underground.

Reception
Response to the novel has been very negative, prompting many fans to petition BioWare to disregard the novel as canon. Some fans resorted to crowd-sourced fact-checking and created Google Docs files highlighting scores of continuity errors, and a fan uploaded a video of themselves burning a copy of the novel on the internet. Robert Purchese from Eurogamer commented, "One explanation for the book's shoddy standards is it's not written by Drew Karpyshyn, writer of the previous three Mass Effect novels as well as lead writer of Mass Effect and co-lead writer of Mass Effect 2." On February 3, 2012, Penny Arcade posted a blog entry and webcomic  about this issue. That same day, BioWare staff member Chris Priestly posted a message on the official forums with an apology to fans as follows:
The teams at Del Rey and BioWare would like to extend our sincerest apologies to the Mass Effect fans for any errors and oversights made in the recent novel Mass Effect: Deception.  We are currently working on a number of changes that will appear in future editions of the novel.
Kirk Hamilton from Kotaku and Purchese both noted that the novel's publishers, and the game's creators vowed to essentially patch the book and fixing those errors in the next print run. Erik Sofge from Popular Mechanics observed that "this wasn't mere fanboy griping, but a serious backfire—shattering continuity, instead of expanding it—" and that "the game-centric take on pulp is a strategic assault with a demand for solid command and control—and the empire pays the price when the details aren't correct."Tom Dowd highlighted the controversy over Deception's continuity errors when discussing BioWare's difficulty with cross-property continuity in his book Storytelling Across Worlds: Transmedia for Creatives and Producers , noting that it was embarrassing for BioWare as they were positioning themselves in the video game industry as a developer "who is all about storytelling". Dowd noted that fans may quickly lose faith when they perceive that producers of the material are not taking continuity seriously, which implies a lack of respect for the intellectual property. He argued that "Continuity maintenance is mandatory for a transmedia storytelling property, and sometimes requires going to great efforts to ensure".

See also
List of novels based on video games

References
External links
Deception title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database"Bean Torrach, fa Tuar Broide", also known as "A Child Born in Prison", is a 14th-century Early Modern Irish poem by Gofraidh Fionn Ó Dálaigh.

The Text (extract)
The following are the first three verses of the poem, followed by an English translation.

Translation

On the subject
Review: Athnuachan an traidisiúin .

External links
http://www.leabharmor.net/leabharmor/Bean%20Torrach,%20fa%20Tuar%20Broide.aspxThe Journal of Ayurveda and Integrative Medicine is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal on ayurvedic medicine. It was established in 2010. The editor-in-chief is Bhushan Patwardhan.

Funding
The journal is funded by the government of India's Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy.

Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in EBSCO Databases, Scopus, and PubMed Central.

See also
The Ayurvedic Trust

References
External links
Official websiteBabe Plunket Greene (born 27 October 1907; died 4 November 1987), birth registered as Enid Margot Bendir, was one of the 1920s socialites known as the "Bright Young Things". She also used the surname of her mother's first husband, McGusty, and the first name "Marguerite".

Her mother, Ernestine Marguerite "Margot" Erskine, was a granddaughter of the Earl of Kellie. At the time of Babe's birth, her mother was married to Richard Murray McGusty, of a family of Dublin solicitors, who worked in Canada for the government. Babe's biological father was Arthur Bendir, with whom her mother had an affair starting in 1906, and eventually married in 1921, having divorced McGusty in 1908 following the child's birth. Arthur Bendir was the Chairman of Ladbrokes, which he founded in 1902, and immensely rich, although some, including Evelyn Waugh, made demeaning references to his "common" origins. Despite her name being recorded as "Bendir" at birth, Babe used the name "McGusty", presumably to obscure her illegitimate origins.She played a leading role in the hedonistic activities of the Bright Young Things, usually in the company of her friends Sylvia Ashley and Elizabeth Ponsonby (the latter also a cousin by marriage). In 1926 she married David Plunket Greene (19 November 1904 – 24 February 1941), the son of the singer Harry Plunket Greene. His mother, Gwendoline Maud, was the daughter of the composer Hubert Parry, with whom Harry Plunket Greene had collaborated. The marriage was short-lived, ending in divorce in 1928.
She was also romantically involved with the Winchester-educated Anthony Herbert de Bosdari, son of the Italian banker Count Maurizio de Bosdari, allowing Anthony and his brothers to use the title of Count. Anthony de Bosdari's romantic entanglements are somewhat unclear; he was engaged to the actress Enid Stamp Taylor in 1926; married, for a brief period in 1928 (from March 15 to October 31), to Josephine Fish, an American heiress; and was engaged to Tallulah Bankhead from the end of 1928 to May 1929. In 1931 he was engaged to marry the Duchess of Croÿ (born Helen Lewis, of American origin). Bosdari and Babe, having married in October 1929, divorced in 1935, following several years of separation, and the unlawfulness of Bosdari's divorce from Josephine Fish came to light. According to the writer Alec Waugh, Bosdari was a friend in the 1920s who was interned by the Germans during the Second World War and is said to have lived in North Africa or South America later.In Brian Howard: Portrait of a Failure, Marie-Jaqueline Lancaster mentions a third marriage of Babe's, to "an American Hollywood magnate" (p. 160). This was the German-born screenwriter and director Lothar Mendes. Their marriage record in 1935 gives the bride's surname as "Greene or McGustry  [sic] or Bendir".

References
External links
Portraits of Babe Plunket Greene at the National Portrait Gallery, LondonPaul Maximilian Heinrich Schneider von Esleben (28 August 1915 – 19 May 2005), known as Paul Schneider-Esleben, was a German architect.

Early life
Paul Schneider-Esleben was born in 1915 in Düsseldorf to Elisabeth and Franz Schneider-Esleben, an architect. Before completing his secondary school Abitur, he worked at his father's architectural practice and went on to study architecture at the University of Applied Sciences Stuttgart in 1937. He graduated in 1947; from 1939 to 1945 he suspended his studies to participate in the Second World War.

Career
Schneider-Esleben opened an architectural firm in Düsseldorf in 1949. His early designs, including the Hanielgarage—a multi-storey carpark constructed in 1951, and the building that made him famous—followed the principles of the New Objectivity movement of the 1920s. In 1955 he won a competition to design the expansion of Mannesmann-Hochhaus, Mannesmann's head office in Düsseldorf, which was the first German building to be constructed with a steel frame structure and curtain walls. He worked with artist members of Zero—Günther Uecker, Heinz Mack, Josef Piene and Joseph Beuys—in 1957–1961 to design the Rolandschule. From 1962 to 1970 he oversaw the redesign of the Cologne Bonn Airport into a layout that was adopted by numerous other international airports and led to his being hired as a consultant to architectural projects for many worldwide airports.Schneider-Esleben was a professor at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg from 1961 until 1972 as well as a visiting professor of the Vienna University of Technology in 1965. He was also a furniture designer, and often created specific furniture designs for his buildings, such as the "PSE 58" chair.Schneider-Esleben's work slowed in the 1970s as his modernist style became outdated in favour of postmodernism. He died in Tegernsee in 2005, aged 89.

Recognition and impact
Schneider-Esleben is credited as an influential figure in the post-World War II modernist architectural movement in Germany. An obituary published by Deutschlandfunk described him as a pioneer of modern architecture. He received the North Rhine-Westphalia State Prize for Architecture in 1956, the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1968 and 1987, and an honorary doctorate from RWTH Aachen University in 1993.In 2015, a retrospective of Schneider-Esleben's work was exhibited at the Architekturmuseum der Technischen Universität München, as part of the Pinakothek der Moderne in Munich. The exhibition marked the centenary of his birth.

Family
He was the father of Florian Schneider, one of the founding members of electronic music pioneers Kraftwerk.

References
External links
paul.schneider-esleben.de (in German)Saffron Jordan (born 23 July 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Blackburn Rovers.

Club career
Jordan signed for Blackburn in 2014. In July 2020 she signed a new one-year contract extension.Jordan is the Blackburn Rovers captain.

Personal life
Jordan has a dual-career and alongside football, works for the NHS.

Awards
Jordan was selected in the Her Football Hub team of the month for October 2021.


NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex assembly factor 4, (NDUFAF4) also known as Hormone-regulated proliferation-associated protein of 20 kDa, (HRPAP20) or C6orf66 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NDUFAF4 gene. NDUFAF4 is a mitochondrial assembly protein involved in the assembly of NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) also known as complex I, which is located in the mitochondrial inner membrane and is the largest of the five complexes of the electron transport chain. Mutations in this gene have been associated with complex I deficiency and infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy. Elevations in HRPAP20 have also been implicated in breast cancer.

Structure
NDUFAF4 is located on the q arm of chromosome 6 in position 16.1 and has 3 exons. The NDUFAF4 gene produces a 23.7 kDa protein composed of 203 amino acids. HRPAP20 is a phosphoprotein, containing a phosphate group attachment and, potentially, multiple kinase recognition sequences. Additionally, it has a CaM-binding sequence that allows it to interact with calmodulin (CaM), which itself is involved in numerous cellular processes.

Function
NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I) catalyzes the transfer of electrons from NADH to ubiquinone (coenzyme Q) in the first step of the mitochondrial respiratory chain, resulting in the translocation of protons across the inner mitochondrial membrane. NDUFAF4 encodes a complex I assembly factor that is important for the correct assembly and function of complex I. NDUFAF4 colocalizes, comigrates to several assembly intermediates, and is codependent with NDUFAF3 from the early to late stages of complex I assembly. In addition to their close interactions with each other, NDUFAF4 and NDUFAF3 interact with NDUFS2, NDUFS3, NDUFS8, and NDUFA5 in a translation-dependent early assembly mechanism. NDUFAF4 has also been shown to play a role in growth and apoptosis regulation through a CaM-mediated mechanism involving MMP-9 secretion.

Clinical significance
Mutations in NDUFAF4 (HRPAP20) have been associated with mitochondrial complex I deficiency, infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy. Additionally, research analyzing HRPAP20's effect on human cancer cells have suggested that it plays a role in tumor metastasis, malignant progression, and breast cancer.Mitochondrial diseases are disorders that are the result of the dysfunction of the mitochondrial respiratory chain. They can cause a wide range of clinical manifestations from lethal neonatal disease to adult-onset neurodegenerative disorders. Phenotypes include macrocephaly with progressive leukodystrophy, non-specific encephalopathy, cardiomyopathy, myopathy, liver disease, Leigh syndrome, Leber hereditary optic neuropathy, and some forms of Parkinson disease. Pathogenic mutations have been linked to changes in a 2.6 Mb critical region (97.17–99.77 Mb) on chromosome 6 and have included a T→C substitution at p. 194 in exon 2 that predicts a Leu65Pro variant. Clinically, NDUFAF4 mutations have been associated with infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, with lactic acidosis, nystagmus, hypotonia, cardiomyopathy, cerebral atrophy, and generalized tonic-clonic convulsions as some possible symptoms.HRPAP20 was found to be significantly elevated in patient breast tumors as compared to normal tissue. Further analysis using tumor cell lines with constitutively expressed HRPAP20 suggests that it increases the invasiveness, proliferation, and apoptotic suppression of breast cancer cells. This is often indicative of tumor metastasis and malignant progression.

Interactions
NDUFAF4 (HRPAP20) has been shown to interact closely with NDUFAF3 as well as with NDUFS2, NDUFS3, NDUFS8, and NDUFA5 in the mitochondrial inner membrane. HRPAP20 also interacts with calmodulin (CaM) in a mechanism that results in increased MMP-9 secretion, associated with increased invasiveness in breast cancer cells. In addition to co-complexes, NDUFAF4 has protein-protein interactions with WDR26.

References
Further reading

This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.Count Alexei Alexeevich Belevsky-Zhukovsky (Russian: Алексей Алексеевич Белёвский-Жуковский; 26 November 1871, Schloß Blühnbach, Salzburg – c. 1931 Caucasus) was the son of Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia and Alexandra Vasilievna, Baroness Seggiano. He was also, being the son of Grand Duke Alexei, a grandson of Alexander II of Russia.

Birth
Alexei Alexeevich was born to Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich of Russia, the son of Czar Alexander II of Russia, and Alexandra Vasilievna Zhukovskaya. His maternal grandfather was the famous poet Vasily Zhukovsky, who was the illegitimate son of a landowner named Afanasi Bunin and his Turkish housekeeper Salkha.

Controversy
It is still rumoured that  Alexei's parents married, however that has never been proven. But even if they were married, the marriage was morganatic, because Alexandra was born a "commoner," and not of a royal or formerly sovereign family.  When Alexei was born in Salzburg, he was known by his mother's family name. While his father tried to get a Russian title for his son, the Emperor Alexander II refused. However he managed to get a title for mother and son from the Republic of San Marino: on 24. March 1875 they were granted the title Baron Seggiano. Alexandra married the same year the Baron Christian-Henrich von Wohrmann. This might be taken as an indication that there was no marriage to the Grand Duke as she could have done so only after a divorce. No records exist of such a divorce.
Only after Alexander II had been murdered and Alexander III had become Emperor, the Grand Duke succeed to have his son created a Count. The title granted was on 21. March 1884 was Count Belevsky. The name was chosen from the village of Belyov in the province of Toula where his grandfather poet was born. In 1913 he was granted the right to add his grandfather's family name to his title just becoming Count Belevsky-Zhukovsky.

Marriage
Count Alexei married, on 29 August 1894 in Ilyinskoye manor, Princess Maria Petrovna Troubetskaya (18 June 1872 Russia – 20 March 1954 Paris), the daughter of Prince Petr Troubetskoy. As Ilyinskoye was the property of his uncle the Grand Duke Serge, Governor of Moscow, it can be taken as a sign that he was quite accepted in Imperial circles (and he served as Serge's orderly since 1904).
The marriage did not last and Alexis remarried. His second wife was Baronne Natalia von Schoeppingk.

Children
Count Alexei and Princess Maria had four children:

Countess Elizabeta Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (8 September 1896 Moscow – 30 July 1975 New Jersey) married Petr Ghika-Perevostchikov (1872–1937) and had two children.
Countess Alexandra Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (b. 4 March 1899 Moscow – 1995) married twice and had no children.
Countess Mariya Alexeevna Belevskya-Zhukovskya (b. 26 October 1901 Moscow - 18 August 1996 Cormeilles-en-Parisis) married in 1922 Wladimir Sverbeev (1892–1951) and had one daughter.
Count Sergei Alexeevich Belevsky-Zhukovsky (17 February 1903 Moscow – 27 November 1956 Los Angeles) married in 1926 Nina Botkine (1901–1966) and had one daughter Helene.

Death
Count Alexei was killed by the Soviets in the Caucasus sometime in 1930, 1931 or 1932.

Ancestry
See also
Branches of the Russian Imperial Family


Galloping Galaxies! is a British children's television comedy series set on a spaceship that was shown on the BBC from October 1985 to December 1986, comprising two series, of ten episodes in total. It was created and written by Bob Block, the creator of Rentaghost. Jeremy Swan who directed Rentaghost, produced and directed the series. It featured Kenneth Williams in one of his final roles as the voice of the ship's bog-eyed computer, SID.
A novelisation of the first series was released by Target Books in 1987, and the second series was announced to follow in book form, but never materialised. No commercial release of the show has ever appeared.

Synopsis
The stories are set in the 25th century, and follow the adventures of the Spaceship Voyager, the computer SID, Captain Pettifer (Robert Swales) and his crew.Cover blurb of novel: "GALLOPING GALAXIES! is the funniest thing this side of the moons of Saturn and will boldly make you laugh where you have never laughed before!"

External links
Galloping Galaxies! at IMDb


Mark Charles Pigott (born February 6, 1954) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He has been Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of PACCAR, Inc. since April 2014. He was previously Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PACCAR from January 1997 to April 2014.  Pigott has been highlighted as one of the US's leading CEOs by Forbes magazine, in their annual listing of the top ten CEOs in the country.

Education
Pigott was born in San Francisco and raised in Seattle. He has lived in many cities in North America, studied in Italy, and worked in the United Kingdom from 1984 to 1989.  He graduated from Stanford University receiving his B.S. in Industrial Engineering (1976), an M.S. in Business (1984),  and a B.A. in Humanities (1998).  He has received an Honorary Doctorate in Science (Sc. D.) from Trinity College, Dublin (2007), an Honorary Doctorate of Laws (LL.D.) from Gonzaga University (2008), an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters (D.H.L.) from Lehman College, NY (2010), an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from the University of Puget Sound, WA (2014), an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from the University of Washington, WA (2016), and an Honorary Doctorate from Washington State University, WA (2019).

Business career
Mark Pigott's career with PACCAR began in 1978.  He is the fourth generation of the Pigott family to lead the company. PACCAR, a Fortune 200 company, celebrated its 113th year in 2018 and has achieved 80 consecutive years of profitability. PACCAR (revenues $23.5 billion) (Nasdaq:PCAR) is publicly traded and is a global technology leader in the capital goods and financial services industries. PACCAR's major brands are DAF Trucks, Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks, PACCAR Financial, PacLease, PACCAR Parts, PACCAR Information Technology and PACCAR Powertrain.
Under Pigott's leadership as Chairman and CEO, PACCAR has delivered a 1,700 percent total return to shareholders.  Pigott's focus on quality and innovation has resulted in PACCAR receiving many J.D. Power and Associates Awards for highest customer satisfaction as well as International Truck of the Year Awards.
Pigott has been Chairman of the DAF Supervisory Board since 1996, served on the Business Council (Washington, D.C.) (retired), and on the Washington State Business Roundtable Executive Committee (retired).
Harvard Business Review (January 2010) named Pigott as one of the top 50 global CEO's based on long term shareholder returns.

Philanthropy
Mark Pigott is President of the PACCAR Foundation, which annually donates $5–$10 million in support of education, social services and the arts.  Beneficiaries included University of North Texas (2006), Stanford University (2006), Mississippi State University (2007), Gonzaga University (2006), East Mississippi Community College (2007),  University of Washington (2008), Seattle University (2009), University of Puget Sound (2013) and Washington State University (2014). Pigott established the prestigious PACCAR Award for Teaching Excellence at the University of Washington in 1997. This is the highest honorarium teaching award for MBA professors in the United States. Pigott's strong support of corporate giving is demonstrated by the fact that in 2014, PACCAR was ranked fifth on a list of 25 top large corporate philanthropists in the state of Washington by the Puget Sound Business Journal Book of Lists.On a personal basis, Pigott has funded professorships and scholarships at Stanford University, the University of Washington, Gonzaga University, Cambridge University, and Trinity College, Dublin.Pigott holds seats on the Board of the Royal Shakespeare Company America, The British Library Foundation, St. George's Society (New York) Advisory Board, and Trinity College Foundation.  He is a life member of the National Gallery London, The British Library, Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufacture Commerce (RSA), and the Royal National Theatre, UK. Major philanthropy activities of his include strategic planning and implementation of capital projects at St Paul's Cathedral, London, the Royal Shakespeare Company, National Gallery UK, Trinity College, Dublin, Royal National Theatre, British Museum and Bibliothèque nationale de France. An avid bibliophile, Pigott is involved in numerous projects benefiting the British Library and the Folger Shakespeare Library. He established the annual Pigott Poetry Prize in Ireland (2014). For over a decade, his dedication to educating the next generation of leaders is evidenced by his participation as a lecturer at numerous graduate schools of business, including the University of Washington, Seattle University, Gonzaga University, Stanford, Trinity College, Dublin and Cambridge University.

Personal life
Pigott lives in Medina, Washington with his wife Cindy. He is a member of Augusta National Golf Club.

Awards and honors
Mark Pigott has been awarded numerous honors, awards, and knighthoods over the course of his career. Notable awards include:

References
Other sources
BusinessWeek – “Thinking Outside the Truck”
PACCAR - The Pursuit of Quality, Alex Groner and Barry Provorse; Documentary Media, Seattle, Washington, 2005 – 4th Edition
Kenworth Trucks: The First 75 Years, Doug Siefkes; Sasquatch Books, Printed in Canada, 1998
PACCAR Inc Business Background Report, ChoiceLevel Books, Filiquarian Publishing, LLC / Qontro, June 12, 2009

External links
PACCAR Inc
Jdpower.com
Business CouncilThe Al-Ghufran Royal Mausoleum (Malay: Makam Diraja Al-Ghufran) is a Royal Mausoleum of Perak located near Ubudiah Mosque at Bukit Chandan in Jalan Istana, Kuala Kangsar, Malaysia. The first Sultan of Perak buried here was Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I in 1916.

Architecture
The Al-Ghufran Royal Mausoleum was built in 1915. The mausoleum architecture is a Moghul style and similar to the Taj Mahal in India.

List of royal graves
Sultan
Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Ibni Almarhum Raja Bendahara Alang Iskandar Teja (Marhum Rahmatullah) (died: 14 January 1916)
Sultan Abdul Jalil Karamatullah Nasiruddin Mukhataram Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Adzam Shah I Rahmatullah (Marhum Radziallah) (died: 26 October 1918)
Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Jaafar Safiuddin Muadzam Shah Waliullah (Marhum Habibullah) (died: 22 December 1922)
Sultan Iskandar Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah (Marhum Kaddasullah) (died: 14 August 1938)
Sultan Abdul Aziz Al-Mutasim Billah Shah Ibni Almarhum Raja Muda Musa (Marhum Nikmatullah) (died: 26 March 1948)
Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Jalil Karamatullah Nasiruddin Mukhataram Shah Radziallah (Marhum Ghafarullahu-lah) (died: 4 January 1963)
Sultan Idris Iskandar Al-Mutawakkil Alallahi Shah II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar Shah Kaddasullah (Marhum Afifullah) (died: 31 January 1984)
Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah (Marhum Al-Maghfullah) - 9th Yang di-Pertuan Agong (1989-1994) (died: 28 May 2014)

Raja Perempuan/Pemaisuri (Queen)
Raja Tipah Binti Almarhum Sultan Shahabuddin Riayat Shah Saifullah (died: unknown date)
Raja Nuteh Aishah Binti Almarhum Sultan Yusuf Sharifuddin Muzaffar Shah Ghafirullah (died: 6 October 1920)
Raja Nuteh Zahra Binti Almarhum Sultan Ali Al-Mukammal Inayat Shah Nabiallah (died: unknown date)
Raja Puteh Umi Kalsom Binti Raja Kulop Muhammad Kramat (died: 9 May 1972)
Raja Khalijah Binti Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah (died: 1 October 1939)
Raja Taayah Binti Raja Abdul Hamid (died: 18 February 1962)
Raja Muzwin Binti Raja Ariff Shah (died: 6 October 2011)

Royal Families
Raja Musa Ibni Almarhum Sultan Jaafar Safiuddin Muadzam Shah Waliullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 1906)
Raja Chulan Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Habibullah - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 10 April 1933)
Raja Mansur Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdullah Muhammad Shah II Habibullah (died: 27 August 1934)
Raja Zainal Azman Shah Ibni Raja Chulan - (Raja Kecil Bongsu of Perak) (died: 16 December 1956)
Raja Abdul Rashid Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I Rahmatullah - (Raja Bendahara of Perak) (died: 24 November 1958)
Raja Kamarulzaman Ibni Raja Mansur - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 19 July 1962)
Raja Ekram Ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuf Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 9 June 1978)
Raja Musa II Ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Aziz Al-Mutasim Billah Shah Nikmatullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 12 May 1983)
Raja Ahmad Saifuddin Ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar Shah Kaddasullah - (Raja Muda of Perak) (died: 12 April 1987)
Raja Ahmad Hisham Ibni Raja Abdul Malek - (Raja Di-Hilir of Perak) (died: 21 September 1997)
Raja Ashman Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Al-Maghfullah - (Raja Kecil Sulong of Perak) (died: 30 March 2012)
Raja Shahruzzaman Ibni Almarhum Sultan Idris Iskandar Al-Mutawakkil Alallahi Shah II Afifullah (died: 10 October 2014)

Non Royal Families
Tun Mohd Suffian Hashim - Lord President of Supreme Court of Malaysia (died: 2000)
Mohammad Amin Bin Alang Duakap @ Abdul Wakaf - Orang Kaya-Kaya Laksamana Raja Mahkota of Perak (Died and buried in Singapore (1908). Relocated from Singapore (2006))
Tan Sri Dato' Osman Bin Talib - Orang Kaya Bendahara Seri Maharaja of Perak. Former Chief Minister of Melaka. (died: 1984)
Dato' Seri Wan Abdul Halim Bin Wan Abdul Jalil - Orang Kaya Temenggong Paduka Raja of Perak (died: 1998)
Dato' Seri Wan Omar Bin Wan Hamaruddin - Orang Kaya Temenggong Paduka Raja of Perak (died: 1992)
Dato' Seri Wan Omar Bin Wan Ahmad Rasdi - Orang Kaya Menteri Paduka Tuan of Perak (died: 2003)
Dato' Seri Wan Ahmad Isa Shukri Bin Wan Ahmad Rasdi - Orang Kaya Menteri Paduka Tuan of Perak (died: 1992)
Osman Bin Uda Maamor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (died: unknown date)
Dato' Seri Ibrahim Bin Abdul Karim - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (died: 1982)
Dato' Wan Mohd Ali Bin Wan Omar - Orang Kaya-Kaya Seri Adika Raja Shahbandar Muda of Perak (died: 1954)
Datuk Setia Bijaya DiRaja Jeragan Abdul Shukor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: 1924)
Syed Abdul Hamid bin Syed Safi Jamalullail - Orang Kaya Besar Maharaja di Raja of Perak (Orang Besar 4), Orang Besar Jajahan Kerian (died 1949).
Datuk Setia Mohd Noordin Bin Jeragan Abdul Shukor - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: unknown date)
Dato' Seri Abdul Wahab Bin Mohd Noordin - Orang Kaya-Kaya Setia Bijaya Diraja of Perak (died: 1989)
Mohd Tahir Bin Jeragan Abdul Shukur - Penghulu Jajahan Daerah Gerik (died: 1946)
Mohd Hamidi Bin Mohd Tahir - (died: 1994)
Col (Rtd) Dato' Seri Mohamed Zulkifli Bin Mohamed Kushairi - Orang Kaya-Kaya Shahbandar Paduka Indera of Perak (1983-2009), Orang Besar Jajahan Kerian, Perak.(1993-2009) (died: 2009)
Datuk Wan Mohammad Khair-il Anuar Wan Ahmad - Kuala Kangsar Member of Parliament (died: 2016)

See also
Sultan of PerakThe Archbishop of Dublin is a senior bishop in the Church of Ireland, second only to the Archbishop of Armagh. The archbishop is the diocesan bishop of the United Dioceses of Dublin and Glendalough and the metropolitan bishop of the Province of Dublin, which covers the southern half of Ireland, and he is styled Primate of Ireland (the Archbishop of Armagh is the "Primate of All Ireland").
The archbishop's throne (cathedra) is in Christ Church Cathedral in central Dublin. The incumbent, from 11 May 2011, is Michael Jackson who signs as +Michael DUBLIN.

History
The Dublin area was Christian long before Dublin had a distinct diocese. The remains and memory of monasteries famous before that time, at Finglas, Glasnevin, Glendalough, Kilnamanagh, Rathmichael, Swords, Tallaght, among others, are witness to the faith of earlier generations and to a flourishing Church life in their time. Following a reverted conversion by one Norse King of Dublin, Sitric, his son Godfrey became Christian in 943 and the Kingdom of Dublin first sought to have a bishop of their own in the 11th century under Sitric MacAulaf, who had been on pilgrimage to Rome.  He sent his chosen candidate, Donat (or Donagh or Donatus), to be consecrated in Canterbury in 1038 and the new prelate set up the Diocese of Dublin as a small territory within the walled city. The Bishop of Dublin answered to the Archbishop of Canterbury and did not attend councils of the Irish Church. Tallaght Castle was used as an official residence from the mid-15th until the early 19th century.
The Archbishop was in union with Rome until the 16th century. Following the death of John Alen, Henry VIII put pressure on the Chapters of Dublin's cathedrals, who elected (January 1536) an Archbishop of his choice, George Browne. Browne was consecrated by Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, at Lambeth.
The Diocese of Kildare was united to Archdiocese of Dublin in 1846. Prior to the disestablishment of the Church of Ireland in 1871, the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin was entitled to sit in the House of Lords as a Lord Spiritual, along with the other Archbishops in rotation. In 1976, the Diocese of Kildare was removed from union with Dublin and placed in union with Diocese of Meath. See Primate of Ireland for a discussion of the roles and status of the Archbishops of Dublin and Armagh and their functions as Primates.

Cathedrals
Since the Middle Ages, the seat of the Archbishop of Dublin has been Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, although for many centuries, it shared this status with St. Patrick's Cathedral. See those articles for details of the role of the Archbishop with respect to each.

See also
Archbishop of Dublin, which lists of pre- and post-Reformation archbishops

Notes and references
Sources
New York, 1909: The Catholic Encyclopedia; Robert Appleton Company

External links
Church of Ireland Archbishop of DublinHrabia Eryk Kurnatowski (8 October 1883 – 23 February 1975) was a Polish nobleman and politician who served a Member of the Senate from 1922 to 1927. Brought up in an old Calvinist noble family, he converted to Catholicism later in life.Orrhammaren is a lake in Södermanland, Sweden.The inferior phrenic arteries are two small vessels which supply the diaphragm. They present much variety in their origin.

Structure
Origin
The inferior phrenic arteries usually arise between T12 and L2 vertebrae. They may arise separately from the front of the aorta, immediately above the celiac artery, or by a common trunk, which may spring either from the aorta or from the celiac artery. Sometimes one is derived from the aorta, and the other from one of the renal arteries; they rarely arise as separate vessels from the aorta.

Branches
They diverge from one another across the crura of the diaphragm, and then run obliquely upward and lateralward upon its under surface.

The left phrenic passes behind the esophagus, and runs forward on the left side of the esophageal hiatus.
The right phrenic passes behind the inferior vena cava, and along the right side of the foramen which transmits that vein. Near the back part of the central tendon each vessel divides into a medial and a lateral branch.
The medial branch curves forward, and anastomoses with its fellow of the opposite side, and with the musculophrenic and pericardiacophrenic arteries.
The lateral branch passes toward the side of the thorax, and anastomoses with the lower intercostal arteries, and with the musculophrenic. The lateral branch of the right phrenic gives off a few vessels to the inferior vena cava; and the left one, some branches to the esophagus.

Function
The inferior phrenic arteries supply the diaphragm. Each of the smaller vessels give off superior suprarenal branches to the suprarenal gland of its own side. The spleen and the liver also receive a few twigs from the left and right vessels respectively.

References
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 612 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)

External links
Anatomy photo:40:11-0200 at the SUNY Downstate Medical Center - "Posterior Abdominal Wall: Branches of the Abdominal Aorta"
Cross section image: pembody/body8a—Plastination Laboratory at the Medical University of Vienna (#23)Beatrice H. Hahn (born February 13, 1955, Munich, Germany) is an American virologist and biomedical researcher whose work established the HIV, the virus causing AIDS, began as a virus passed from apes to humans.She is a professor of Medicine and Microbiology in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. In November 2002, Discover magazine listed Hahn as one of the 50 most important women scientists at that time.Hahn discovered that the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) originated in other primates and traversed to humans.  Hahn and her research group established that wild-living chimpanzees in southern Cameroon were a natural reservoir of Simian immunodeficiency viruses (SIVs). The team developed non-invasive techniques for gathering genetic data. By making comparisons between the genes of HIV-1 and SIVs, they found that SIVs had originated in apes, and had passed to humans through multiple connections. The simian versions of the virus (known as SIVcpz in chimpanzees, and SIVgor in gorillas) became the infection named HIV in humans.Hahn later determined that the malaria parasite also traversed from other primates to humans, in a single event.

Early life and education
Beatrice Hahn was born in Munich, Germany on February 13, 1955. As a child, she was interested in medicine by her father's work as a primary care physician. He was one of the first doctors in Bavaria to use an X-Ray machine, and allowed Beatrice to use some of his medical equipment as she grew up. Hahn was fascinated by studying urine slides under the microscope, and taking blood samples. Her ambition to enter medicine dates from this period.Hahn left home to attend medical school at Technical University Munich, Munich, Germany, where she gained her M.D. degree in 1981. She worked as an intern at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich from 1981 to 1982. She attained her Doctorate in Medicine from Technical University Munich in 1982.Her doctoral thesis was again influenced by her upbringing and early childhood. It was at this period that she began to specialise in zoonoses or infections which can be transmitted between species, and their implications for public health.Hahn had herded and milked cows as a child in her native Bavaria, where cattle were important to the rural economy. Hahn wondered if human populations might be affected by exposure to bovine viruses. Her thesis specifically focused on the bovine leukemia virus, a very serious disease in cattle, and its close relationship with the human tumor virus HTLV-1.

Career
After graduating, Hahn began her career with a fellowship from the German Science Foundation in Robert Gallo's National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. She decided to leave Germany because she believed she would have better opportunities for research and for funding in the United States. In 1985, she joined the faculty of the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) and established her own laboratory. She was a co-director of the Center for AIDS Research at UAB from 2003 to 2011. In 2011, Hahn joined the faculty of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania along with her husband and research partner George Shaw. Hahn and Shaw also work with CHAVI, a multi-institutional consortium. Hahn is the lead researcher of CHAVI's Viral Biology Team.
In addition to her work in universities and as a researcher, Hahn is also a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Academy of Microbiology, the National Academy of Medicine, and the National Academy of Sciences. She is also a member of the advisory board of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's HIV/AIDS Program and has served on numerous NIH Counsel groups.

Research
Hahn met Robert Gallo when she was a student at the Technical University of Munich. He was a virologist and a researcher at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland. Most of his research was focused on leukemia, the disease that had taken his sister's life at an early age. One of the main areas of interest for Gallo was tumor-causing retroviruses. This sparked the interest of Hahn because Bovine leukemia virus is an example of such a retrovirus.
Hahn's wish to work in Gallo's lab was made possible when she received a fellowship from the German Science Foundation.Hahn left her home in Germany and started research at the National Cancer Institute on May 1, 1982. There, she began her research into the origins of HIV/AIDS. AIDS had just become prevalent in the United States a year before she arrived. All of the patients with the reported disease were gay males and displayed symptoms of a skin cancer and unique form of pneumonia. Gallo's laboratory had been studying this new disease outbreak and Hahn joined the investigation.In 1983, George Shaw joined Gallo's laboratory and he and Hahn began to collaborate on their research. After a fellow researcher, Mikulas Popovic, successfully cultured and isolated the virus, Hahn and Shaw cloned the virus's genome, becoming the first scientists to do so.They were able to determine that the isolated retrovirus was the cause of AIDS. They went on to discover that HIV originated from chimpanzees, gorillas, and sooty mangabey strains of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV). Their team used non-invasive research techniques in order to study endangered species of primates in the wild. Contrary to the prevailing scientific opinion, Hahn found that SIV does cause disease in its hosts and that chimpanzees represent a reservoir of HIV. She also discovered that SIV could be transmitted sexually and through breast milk among chimpanzees. She has also cloned HIV-2 and catalogued genetic variants of HIV-1 and their drug resistance.Hahn and Shaw had many papers published (including a cover article for Nature) and in 1985 they were both recruited by the University of Alabama at Birmingham's Comprehensive Cancer Center to lead and conduct human retrovirus research. Both excelled in their work and Hahn went on to become a distinguished professor in the Departments of Microbiology and medicine as well as work as co-director at the Center for AIDS research at UAB. Hahn and her long-time research partner George Shaw married in 1988.After working at UAB, Hahn and Shaw moved to the Center for AIDS Research at the University of Pennsylvania in 2011.  There she has used non-invasive fecal sampling to investigate SIV and HIV in primate populations. Her research has also included the origins of the human malaria parasite, Plasmodium falciparum; determining that P. falciparum was transmitted to humans from gorillas in a single event in West Africa.

Details of research
Hahn conducted her research from an evolutionary perspective when studying disease mechanisms and HIV/SIV gene function. Simian immunodeficiency viruses (SIVs) are a type of retroviruses that are capable of infecting a myriad of non-human primate species located in Africa.Hanh made the startling discovery that certain SIVs had traversed between humans and certain nonhuman primate species a multitude of times to result in types 1 and 2 human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The two viruses she identified were SIVcpz from chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes) and SIVsmm from sooty mangabeys (Cercocebus atys). The realization that the transfer of SIVs had generated HIV led Hahn to conclude that presence of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) was due to the cross-species infections of humans by lentiviruses of primate origin.A careful analysis of the high degree of relatedness between chimpanzees and humans was a major focus in Hanh’s laboratory. Knowing that chimpanzees and humans share more than 98% sequence identity across their genomes, Hanh sought to uncover what exactly varies in the interactions between virus and host that cause differences in viral pathogenicity.  Hahn made advances in the understanding the origin of HIV-1, SIVcpz, and natural SIVcpz reservoirs.

Study on Origin of HIV-1
The theorization that chimpanzees may be source of HIV-1 began when a chimpanzee was found to have a lentivirus (SIVcpzGAB1) that was closely related to HIV-1. The genome of SIVcpzGAB1 had an accessory gene that was so far unique to HIV-1 as well as many of the same reading frames. However, experiments carried out on more chimpanzees continuously resulted in apparently contradictory results as to whether chimpanzees were the original source of the SIVcpz.One experiment performed on fifty chimpanzees resulted in only two possessing HIV-1 cross-reactive antibodies, which showed a much lower SIVcpz infection rate in contrast to other naturally occurring SIV infections. This finding indicated that there was a third unknown source that both humans and chimpanzees could have acquired the virus from.Another study reported that a chimpanzee named Noah had a virus called SIVcpzANT that clustered with SIVcpzGAB1 (and HIV-1 strains) in phylogenetic trees but was twice as distant from SIVcpzGAB1 and HIV-1 strains as they were from each other. This resulted in more support for a third unknown source being the true SIVcpz reservoir.Hahn was able to prove the original theory through analyzation of the SIVcpz phylogeny in relation to the subspecies origin of the infected chimpanzee host. Her studies showed that the chimpanzees that had viruses similar to HIV-1 and to one another belonged to the same group; P.t. troglodytes. On the other hand, Noah, the chimpanzee with the virus that was extremely distant, was a P.t. schweinfurthii. This proved that the origin of a subspecies' chimpanzee host was what was responsible for two different phylogenetic lineages of SIVcpz strains. Hahn's careful phylogenetic analysis also supported that the source of HIV-1 was the chimpanzees that were members of P.t. troglodytes.

Honors and awards
1999, Recipient, Birmingham Business Journal Top Birmingham Women
2001, Recipient, The Max Cooper Award for Research Excellence
2002, one of "The 50 Most Important Women in Science", Discover Magazine
2010, Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology, American Society for Microbiology
2012, Fellow, National Academy of Sciences
2014, Winford P. Larson Lectureship, University of Minnesota
2016, Elected, American Academy of Arts and Sciences

Works
Sharp, Paul M.; Hahn, Beatrice H. (2011-09-01). "Origins of HIV and the AIDS Pandemic". Cold Spring Harbor Perspectives in Medicine. 1 (1): a006841. doi:10.1101/cshperspect.a006841. ISSN 2157-1422. PMC 3234451. PMID 22229120.
Parrish, Nicholas F.; Gao, Feng; Li, Hui; Giorgi, Elena E.; Barbian, Hannah J.; Parrish, Erica H.; Zajic, Lara; Iyer, Shilpa S.; Decker, Julie M. (2013-04-23). "Phenotypic properties of transmitted founder HIV-1". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 110 (17): 6626–6633. Bibcode:2013PNAS..110.6626P. doi:10.1073/pnas.1304288110. ISSN 0027-8424. PMC 3637789. PMID 23542380.


Eduardo Restrepo Victoria alias "El Socio" (the Associate) (born September 29, 1958 in Pitalito, Huila) is a Colombian drug trafficker former member of the Norte del Valle Cartel and associate of Wilber Varela. Restrepo was wanted by Colombian authorities on charges of illegal drug trade, illicit enrichment and illegal arms possession. He was captured by Colombian and United States authorities on July 25, 2006 On July 20, 2006 the United States government asked for his extradition. He was extradited to the United States on December 10, 2007.

Early years
Restrepo was born and raised in the outskirts of Pitalito in the Department of Huila in central Colombia to a family of peasants workers. Most of his early life was spent working on rice fields in Lérida, Department of Tolima after migrating for better luck. In Lérida, Restrepo met important rice producers who employed him, including associates of Diego León Montoya Sánchez, and worked in haciendas that had airstrips in Espinal, Ibagué and Venadillo. He became a sort of air controller for flights used by the mafia of the Norte del Valle Cartel back then led by Montoya-Sánchez, among others.

Drug trafficking
According to Colombian National Police accounts, after being introduced to the illegal drug trade Restrepo began to manage properties of another drug baron, Henry Loaiza Ceballos aka "El Alacran". Loaiza sent him to Mexico in 1995 where he established contacts with the Mexican Drug Cartel ; the Juarez Cartel led by Amado Carrillo Fuentes aka "El Senor de los Cielos". In Mexico Restrepo massed a fortune by controlling drug flow and the contacts between the Colombian and Mexican mafias.

Return to Colombia
Restrepo returned to Colombia in late 2000 and began a purchase spree of haciendas, nightclubs, commercial establishments, office buildings and luxury apartments and vehicles. He also associated with Wílber Alirio Varela aka "Jabón" another boss of the Nortel del Valle Cartel.
In 2001 the then governor of the Department of Tolima Guillermo Alfonso Jaramillo alerted authorities about his behavior and eccentricities. Restrepo then went clandestine.
On August 25, 2005 4 witnesses testified against Restrepo alleging that he had links to mafias and to paramilitary groups associated to the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia; the Tolima Bloc. Witnesses mentioned that Restrepo and partner Wílber Varela had been planning to purchase part of the paramilitary unit.

Arrest
In 2004 an Attorney General's unit raided one of Restrepo's properties in the outskirts of Ibagué with an arrest warrant for delinquency, production and traffic and porting unauthorized firearms.
On Sunday July 23, 2006 the Colombian National Police intercepted a phone call of Restrepo calling a family member asking him to appeal to two businessmen from the Department of Tolima to lend him the farm Andalucia, located in the municipality of Subachoque, Department of Cundinamarca.
On July 25, 2006 the Colombian National Police intelligence unit DIJIN raided the farm and found him with one more person along with his two daughters and two men.
When inquired by the Colombian Attorney General's office Restrepo answered "I've never worked with drugs". He also denied knowing anyone named Wilber Alirio Varela. He denied the testimony given by his former body guard Robinson Guilombo which linked him to the Norte del Valle Cartel. Guilombo is under the protection of the DEA and Attorney General's units.

Properties
According to Colombian authorities Restrepo has some 900 properties in Colombian and Mexico. His two sisters Teresa and Norma served him as money-launderers, and racketeered through a company named Agropecuaria Palma del Río which was based in Ibagué and in 2005 was included in the Office of Foreign Assets Control's specially designated nationals list of the United States Department of the Treasury. Another syndicated money-launderer was pointed out by his bodyguard as Gustavo Adolfo Villanueva along one of his sisters and a former lover.
On September 7, 2005 the Colombian National Police raided and confiscated 65 properties belonging to Restrepo in Bogotá, Cali and the Department of Tolima.


Judo at the 2010 Asian Para Games was held in Huagong Gymnasium, Guangzhou, China from December 14 to 17, 2010.

Medal summary
Medal table
Retrieved from Asian Para Games 2010 Official Website.

Medalists
Men
Women
Results
Men
−60 kg
December 14

−66 kg
December 15

−73 kg
December 15

−81 kg
December 15

−90 kg
December 17

−100 kg
December 17

+100 kg
December 17

Women
−48 kg
December 14

−52 kg
December 14

−57 kg
December 15

−63 kg
December 15

−70 kg
December 16


Beiyunhedong station (Chinese: 北运河东站; pinyin: Běiyùnhé Dōng zhàn) is a station on Line 6 of the Beijing Subway. It was opened on December 30, 2018.

Station Layout
The station has an underground island platform.

Exits
There are 3 exits, lettered B, C, and D. Exit B is accessible.

Future Development
It is located near the under construction Beijing Sub-Center railway station.


CGS Pabna is a Pabna Class riverine patrol crafts of Bangladesh Coast Guard. She is the first ever warship made in Bangladesh.

History
The ship was built at Dockyard and Engineering Works Limited. She was commissioned to Bangladesh Navy as BNS  Pabna on 1 June 1972. This ship was the first ship of Bangladesh Navy. Later on, in 1995, after the emergence of Bangladesh Coast Guard, the ships were transferred to them. In 1995, she was commissioned to Bangladesh Coast Guard as CGS Pabna.

Design
The ship is 22.9 metres (75 ft) in length, 6.1 metres (20 ft) in breadth and 1.9 metres (6.2 ft) in draught. She has a displacement of 75 tons and a complement of 33 personnel. The ship carries one Bofors 40 mm gun of 60 cal. as armament. This patrol craft can be used for coastal patrolling also besides riverine patrolling.

See also
List of ships of the Bangladesh Coast Guard
List of historic ships of the Bangladesh Navy


Yaroslav Volodymyrovych Markevych (Ukrainian: Ярослав Володимирович Маркевич, born 3 December 1973) is a Ukrainian politician, businessman, activist, former soldier in the Donbas Battalion, former Member of Parliament of Ukraine of the 8th convocation from Samopmich Union, and Member of the Parliamentary Budget Committee. Markevych did not return to parliament following the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election.

Biography
Yaroslav Markevych was born in Kamin-Rybolov, a village in Khankaysky District in Primorsky Krai, Russia. He studied at the Institute of the Social Development, on the faculty of Legal Support of the Financial Activities of the Enterprise. In 1992 he started working as a lawyer in a private trade house. From 1993 to 1995 he worked as a Deputy Director of the private scientific-producing firm PRINT. In 1996 he was a press-secretary at AT STANK. BeforeUntil his election to Ukrainian parliament he worked as manager and deputy head at a number of private companies.In 2005 he started working with Viktor Yushchenko's party Nasha Ukraina, taking the post of the Head of the Executive Committee of the Kharkiv city party organisation, from 2008 – the Oblast party organisation. Since 2000 he was the president of the civic organisation East Ukrainian Fund of Democracy Development.In 2004 he was the consultant on pre-elections issues to OSCE.
Markevych is married and has two children.


Henry Stronach (27 January 1865 – 12 April 1932) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played six first-class matches for Otago between 1892 and 1895.

See also
List of Otago representative cricketers

References
External links
Henry Stronach at ESPNcricinfoDinuzulu kaCetshwayo (1868 – 18 October 1913, commonly misspelled Dinizulu) was the king of the Zulu nation from 20 May 1884 until his death in 1913.
He succeeded his father Cetshwayo, who was the last king of the Zulus to be officially recognized as such by the British. Zululand had been broken up into thirteen smaller territories by the British government after the Anglo-Zulu War, and Cetshwayo, and subsequently Dinuzulu, administered one of them. The British later realized the futility of breaking up Zululand into the territories and restored Cetshwayo as paramount leader of the territories. However, they left one of Cetshwayo's relatives, Usibepu (Zibhebhu), alone with his lands intact. On 22 July 1883, Usibepu attacked Cetshwayo's new kraal in Ulundi, wounding the king and causing him to flee.

Dinuzulu's volunteers
To contest the succession, Dinuzulu first appealed to the British, but received no response. He then offered rewards of land to Boer farmers of the Vryheid and Utrecht districts, to come and fight on his side and restore the Zulu Kingdom. In 1884 a group of Boer farmers from the districts of Utrecht and Vryheid undertook to help restore order, in return for land for the formation of an independent republic with access to the sea. Led by General Louis Botha, they formed Dinuzulu's Volunteers and after several clashes with Zibhebhu, defeated him at the Battle of Ghost Mountain (also known as the Battle of Tshaneni) on 5 June 1884.
The Nieuwe Republiek, established in northern Natal on land awarded to Boers by Dinuzulu, was recognized by Germany and Portugal. It was later incorporated on its request by the ZAR because of financial problems, after the British annexed the coastal plains from the Thuhela river (Tugela) northwards in order to prevent the Boers from building a harbor. After considerable dispute in a Natal arbitration court, Britain eventually recognized the New Republic, but reduced it in size after annexing the coastal plains to the Cape Colony, along with the republic's claims to St Lucia for a harbor. The Niewe Republiek was incorporated on its own request with the Zuid Afrikaanse Republiek in 1888. No major conflict would occur in the region until the outbreak of the Second Boer War in 1899.

Exile
In 1890 Dinuzulu was captured by the British and exiled to the island of Saint Helena for seven years, for leading a Zulu army against the British due to annexation of the coastal plains of Zululand.
When Zululand was formally incorporated into Natal in 1897, Dinuzulu was released. The following year he was installed as the British government's InDuna.

Bambatha rebellion
In 1906 the so-called Bambatha rebellion broke out. After the rebellion had been put down, Dinuzulu was accused of giving orders to Bambatha to start the rebellion and was put on trial for treason. Although he steadfastly protested his innocence, he was found guilty and sentenced to four years imprisonment in March, 1908.
Two years later an old friend of his, General Louis Botha, became Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa. Botha ordered that Dinuzulu be released and transported to the farm Uitkyk in the Transvaal, where he died on 18 October 1913 at the age of 44 or 45.  After a state funeral, he was buried at Nobamba in the Khosini Valley (31°16'E; 28°26'S), which lies in the upper White Umfolozi drainage system.
He was succeeded by his son Solomon kaDinuzulu.

Statue
A statue of Dinuzulu has been erected next to the statue of General Louis Botha, the first prime minister of the Transvaal colony, at the corner of Berea Road and Warwick Avenue in Durban.

Wood Badge beads
Beads from Dinuzulu's necklace—claimed to have been found by Robert Baden-Powell—were later presented to Scout leaders following Wood Badge leadership training. Today the Wood Badge beads are replicas of the original beads. To date, there is conflicting evidence as to how Baden-Powell came upon the beads as well as the specific purpose and owner of the beads. Alternative stories include that Baden-Powell took the beads improperly, and that the beads were not war beads but actually belonged to a woman, such as a wife of Dinuzulu.


Robert Alan Thom (March 4, 1915 – December 31, 1979) was an American illustrator who specialized in the portrayal of historical scenes for commercial patrons. He is perhaps best known for his series of 40 paintings depicting the history of pharmacy, and his series of 45 paintings depicting the history of medicine, both commissioned by Parke-Davis.

Biography
Thom was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. A student of Robert Brackman, he began his career as a commercial illustrator for General Motors and Detroit Edison in 1939, and set off as an independent artist in 1945. In this role, he produced many series of commissioned paintings for clients such as Kimberly-Clark (scenes from the history of "Graphic Communications Through the Ages"), Illinois Bell (scenes from the history of Illinois), Michigan Bell (scenes from the history of Michigan), and Chevrolet (scenes from the history of baseball). He died in Alma, Michigan.

Legacy
Thom's works appear in galleries, museums, and universities worldwide, including the Baseball Hall of Fame and the White House.


Nani Alapai (December 1, 1874 – October 1, 1928) was a Hawaiian soprano singer of Native Hawaiian and Filipino descent during the early 1900s. Despite not receiving any formal musical training, she was hired as a vocalist of the Royal Hawaiian Band by bandmaster Henri Berger. She became the leading prima donna of the early era of Hawaiian music through her traveling performances with the Royal Hawaiian Band in Hawaii and on the mainland United States. Recording a number of songs, she helped popularized "Aloha ʻOe" by Queen Liliʻuokalani with one of the earliest recordings of the song. She directly and indirectly influenced many later Hawaiian musicians including Lena Machado and her adoptive grandson Kahauanu Lake.

Early life and family
Julita Nani Malina was born in Līhuʻe, on the island of Kauaʻi, on December 1, 1874. Her parents were Keokilele Halemanu Punana Ukeke (died 1913), a Native Hawaiian from Wainiha, and John Malina Sr, an early Filipino settler in Hawaii. Her father worked as a paniolo (cowboy) at Kipu Ranch, owned by William Hyde Rice, and received his surname from the Hawaiian pronunciation of Manila. The family surname has sometimes been spelled Molina. She had many siblings while growing up including five brothers and eight sisters. She received her education at a Roman Catholic boarding school for girls in Honolulu.Around 1895, she married William J. Alapai and became known as Mrs. or Madame Alapai.
On November 20, 1910, after the death of her first husband, she remarried to W. C. Luke and became known as Madame Alapai Luke. For an unknown reason, her marriage certificate listed her parents as Panakiko Kealii and Anna. Alapai and Luke were divorced by 1916, with her citing non-support in the court case.She adopted and raised Cecelia Kuliaikanuʻuwaiʻaleʻale Waipa (1907–1981), granddaughter of former Hawaiian Royal Guard Captain Robert Parker Waipa—a member of the extended Parker ranching family of the island of Hawaii. Cecelia's first marriage was to Thomas C. Lake and she later married Prince David Kalākaua Kawānanakoa. A musical entertainer herself, Cecelia was the mother of Hawaiian musician and composer Kahauanu Lake, who received the Hawai'i Academy of Recording Arts Lifetime Achievement Award in 1989, and was inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame in 2004.

Musical career
Alapai received no formal musical training, but learned how to sing by entertaining audiences.
There is disagreement about her tenure with the Royal Hawaiian Band. Based on her 1906 biography printed in the Hawaiian language newspaper Ka Nupepa Kuokoa, she joined the band around 1897 (nine years before the publication of the biography). At the time, Henri Berger was bandmaster and hired her to sing with the Band as a female soprano soloist.
Later erroneous sources, including the personal interviews of Kahauanu Lake, and articles written in the Haʻilono Mele newsletters of the 1970s, claimed she was the band's first female vocalist, debuting with them in 1873, singing with the band for 40 or 43 years.
However, census records taken during her second marriage show that she was not even born in 1873.She accompanied the band on many of their 1905 appearances in the continental United States. Contemporary newspaper accounts describe how her voice enchanted the people of Portland, Oregon. When she sang there with the Band, the Oregon Daily Journal noted, "Her voice is naturally sweet and her talent distinctively native. She is ambitious for operatic work, and there is just a prospect that she may lead a native opera company in Honolulu within a short time."During her career, she became known as the Prima Donna or Kāhuli of the Royal Hawaiian Band. The latter is a reference to the Oʻahu tree snails (Kāhuli in Hawaiian) which according to Hawaiian folklore are able to vocalize and sing sweet songs.
Visiting the islands in 1907, Charmian London and her husband, American writer Jack London, heard her sing during a luau. Charmian noted:

She sang for us without reserve, out of her very good repertory. Her voice is remarkable, and I never heard another of its kind, for it is more like a stringed instrument than anything I can think of—metallic, but sweetly so, pure and true as a lark's, with falls and slurs that are indescribably musical and human. The love-eyed men and women lounging about her with their guitars and ukuleles, garlanded with drooping roses and carnations and ginger, were commendably vain of showing off their first singer in the land, and thrummed their loveliest to her every song. No one can touch strings as do these people. Their fingers bestow caresses to which wood and steel and cord become sentient and tremblingly responsive.
In May 1906, Alapai was scheduled to accompany the band on their second continental tour of the United States. Her husband, who worked as the driver of a delivery wagon, wanted to accompany the band on the tour to protect his wife, but Joel C. Cohen, the group's manager, was unwilling to raise the extra funds for his travel expenses. The conflict between the two men resulted in Nani Alapai leaving the tour and being replaced as the lead female singer by Annie Leilehua Brown, one of her understudies. Cohen aired his frustration with the unreasonable request to the press, much to the chagrin of Nani Alapai, who defended her husband and refused to reconsider. She later explained the affair by saying, "Oh, they wanted me to go, but I refused."
Despite this, she continued to sing for the band in Hawaii with other female soloists such as Annie Leilehua Brown and Julia Kaleipolihale Chilton. In 1912, Alapai was offered a spot on Henry N. Clark's tour of Europe with his group, although it is not certain whether she went ahead with the trip.
Alapai recorded a number of Hawaiian songs for the Victor Talking Machine Company in 1904, including many solos and duets with William Sumner Ellis and the Ellis Brothers Glee Club. She also recorded a number of songs with Joseph Kamakau and the Kamakau Glee Club.She was also regarded as one of the first vocalists to publicly perform Queen Liliʻuokalani's song "Aloha ʻOe" and helped popularize it in the United States.
In 1911, she sang and recorded the song in a duet with Henry N. Clark for the Columbia Records company.  This was not the first recording of the song: a catalogue issued by Columbia Records in 1901 mentions an earlier wax cylinder recording of "Aloha ʻOe", although it is uncertain whether this was made in Hawaii or if the performer was Hawaiian. The 1901 cylinders did not survive.In a bill written by Senator John Henry Wise, the Hawaii Territorial Senate granted Alapai a pension in 1921. She died on October 1, 1928.
Her obituary in The Honolulu Advertiser noted that she "possessed a rich voice of wide range and excelled particularly in the rendition of the sweet songs of her native land. In her prime and even until very recently her services were in much demand at concerts and parties, particularly where Hawaiian music was featured." The Hawaiian language newspaper Ka Hoku O Hawaii wrote: "Haaheo na Hawaii i kela keikamahine leo nani no oo e ke kiwi o ke kuahiwi." ("Hawaiians are proud of this girl whose voice was as sweet as the ʻIʻiwi bird of the forest."

Legacy
Madame Alapai's protégés and students included Annie Leilehua Brown and the Hawaiian soprano-falsetto singer and composer Lena Machado. Known as "Hawaiʻi's Songbird", Machado was a leading performer of the Golden Age of Hawaiian music during the 1930s and 1940s, and was posthumously inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame in 1995. Historian George Kanahele described how Machado sang with the "Hawaiian style reminiscent of Nani Alapai, Juliana Walanika, and Helen Desha Beamer."
Although he was born after Alapai's death, and never heard her perform, her grandson Kahauanu Lake credited her, his mother and his Parker relations with influencing his musical career. In a 1979 interview, he noted:

I never heard my grandmother sing. In fact, she died before I was born. She retired in 1907 after 40 years with the Royal Hawaiian Band. They said that there was one voice that could sing above the band – and we had no microphones in those days – and could be heard for more than two blocks. And not just powerful, but sweet. It was Hawaiian, it was not that operatic thing. She never did lose the Hawaiian oli, the haʻi was in the right place, the accents, you know. In one of her songs, where it goes, "No ka mahina malamalama," she would say, "No ka mahina ma lamalama." That's the uweuwe from the ancient way of chanting.

Discography
Partial listing. Sources: DAHR, UC Santa Barbara and Library of Congress' National Jukebox:

References
Bibliography
Kanahele, George S. (1979). Hawaiian Music and Musicians: An Illustrated History. University Press of Hawaii. ISBN 978-0-8248-0578-4. OCLC 903648649.
Kanahele, George S.; Berger, John (2012). Hawaiian Music and Musicians: An Encyclopedic History. Honolulu: Mutual Publishing. ISBN 978-1-56647-967-7. OCLC 808415079.
Peterson, Barbara Bennett, ed. (1984). Notable Women of Hawaii. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press. ISBN 978-0-8248-0820-4. OCLC 11030010.

External links
"Aloha Oe. Duet by Madam Alapai and Mr. Henry N. Clark". Columbia Records. 1911. Archived from the original on November 15, 2021. Retrieved March 7, 2017 – via YouTube.com.
"Artists / Nani Alapai / National Jukebox LOC.gov – Library of Congress". Retrieved March 7, 2017.
"Nani Alapai (vocalist)". Discography of American Historical Recordings, s.v. University of California at Santa Barbara. Retrieved March 7, 2017.The Jackass Mountain Formation is a geologic formation in British Columbia. It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period.

See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in British Columbia

References
Various Contributors to the Paleobiology Database. "Fossilworks: Gateway to the Paleobiology Database". Retrieved 17 December 2021. {{cite web}}: |author= has generic name (help)The 1959 Chatham Cup was the 32nd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand. The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included North Shore United, Rangers (Bay of Plenty), Hamilton Wanderers, Eastern Union (Gisborne), Moturoa AFC (New Plymouth), Colenso Athletic (Hawkes Bay), Wanganui Athletic, Massey College (Manawatu), Miramar Rangers, Nelson Rangers, Western (Christchurch), Northern (Dunedin), Brigadiers (Invercargill).

The 1959 final
Northern became the first Chatham Cup winners from Otago since Seacliff won the first final in 1923, winning the cup for the first time in their sixth final. Northern goalkeeper Jim Stephenson was playing in his fourth final for the club; he was to play in two more in 1961 and 1962, to become the first player to play in six finals. The game had a frantic start, with a goal coming for each side in the opening five minutes. Cliff Schmidt turned the ball into his own net to give the lead to Northern after just two minutes. The lead was only to last for some 90 seconds, with Alex Middleton heading the ball into the Dunedin side's net. Goals either side of the half-time interval from Bill Berry and George Little gave Northern a 3–1 lead. Chris Foulkes reduced the deficit late on, but despite strong pressure from the Aucklanders Northern held on to win the match by the odd goal in five.

Results
Quarter-finals (Island semi-finals)
Semi-finals
Final
References

Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation New Zealand 1959 pageJharkatahan is a beautiful village of Thana Reoti in Ballia district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is situated near bank of Ghaghara river. It comprises a Taal; a catchment area of Ghaghara river. TS band ( Tutipar-Srinagar) passes through this village and it is a vital security entity that protects villagers from the flood of Ghaghara river.

Temples
Kali Temple (Sarkari Sachool Ke Paas)
Durga Mata Temple  (Uttar Tola)
Hanuman Temple (Bichala Tola)
Budhwa Shiv Temple (East & South corner of Village)
Jharkeshwar Baba (Shiv Temple)
Hanuman Mandir (Dakshin Tola)

Education
R.N.S. Public School (North side in Village).
Govt. School

External links
Jharkatahan on Facebook
Jharkatahan on WikimapiaLa Forie (French pronunciation: ​[la fɔʁi]) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.

See also
Communes of the Puy-de-Dôme department


de Santana may refer to:

Gabriel Donizete de Santana (born 1987), Brazilian midfielder
Hernando de Santana, Spanish conqueror
Reginaldo de Santana (born 1975), Brazilian football player

See also
Santana (disambiguation)The 2002 Oceania Youth Athletics Championships were held at the Queen Elizabeth II Park in Christchurch, New Zealand, between December 12–14, 2002.  They were held together with the 2002 Oceania Open Championships.
A total of 34 events were contested, 17 by boys and 17 by girls.

Medal summary
Medal winners can be found on the Athletics Weekly webpage.  Complete results can be found on the webpages of World Junior Athletics History, and of the Cool Running New Zealand newsgroup.

Boys under 18 (Youth)
Girls under 18 (Youth)
Medal table (unofficial)
*   Host nation (New Zealand)

Participation (unofficial)
An unofficial count yields the number of about 96 athletes from 15 countries:


The obstetrical dilemma is a hypothesis to explain why humans often require assistance from other humans during childbirth to avoid complications, whereas most non-human primates give birth unassisted with relatively little difficulty. This occurs due to the tight fit of the fetal head to the maternal birth canal, which is additionally convoluted, meaning the head and therefore body of the infant must rotate during childbirth in order to fit, unlike in other, non-upright walking mammals. Consequently, there is a usually high incidence of cephalopelvic disproportion and obstructed labor in humans.The obstetrical dilemma claims that this difference is due to the biological trade-off imposed by two opposing evolutionary pressures in the development of the human pelvis:  smaller birth canals in the mothers, and larger brains, and therefore skulls in the babies.  Proponents believe bipedal locomotion (the ability to walk upright) decreased the size of the bony parts of the birth canal.  They also believe that as hominids' and humans' skull and brain sizes increased over the millennia, that women needed wider hips to give birth, that these wider hips made women inherently less able to walk or run than men, and that babies had to be born earlier to fit through the birth canal, resulting in the so-called fourth trimester period for newborns (being born when the baby seems less developed than in other animals). Recent evidence has suggested bipedal locomotion is only a part of the strong evolutionary pressure constraining the expansion of the maternal birth canal. In addition to bipedal locomotion, the reduced strength of the pelvic floor due to a wider maternal pelvis also leads to fitness detriments in the mother pressuring the birth canal to remain relatively narrow.This idea was widely accepted when first published in 1960, but has since been criticized by other scientists.

History
The term, obstetrical dilemma, was coined in 1960, by Sherwood Lerned Washburn, a prominent early American physical anthropologist, in order to describe the evolutionary development of the human pelvis and its relation to childbirth and pregnancy in hominids and non-human primates. In the intervening decades, the term has been used broadly among anthropologists, biologists, and other scientists to describe aspects of this hypothesis and related topics.

Evolution of human birth
Human pelvis
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesizes that when hominids began to develop bipedal locomotion, the conflict between these two opposing evolutionary pressures became greatly exacerbated. Because humans are currently the only recognized extant obligately bipedal primates, meaning our body shape requires to only use two legs, major evolutionary developments had to occur in order to alter to the shape of the female pelvis. Human males evolved narrower hips optimized for locomotion, whereas female hips evolved to be a wider optimization because of childbirthing needs. Human pelvises have no distinguishing skeletal markers for sex before puberty, meanwhile, with maturation, hormones and obstetrical demands alter the shape of the pelvis in females. Overall, through evolution of the species, a number of structures in the body have changed size, proportion, or location in order to accommodate bipedal locomotion and allow a person to stand upright and face forward. To help support the upper body, a number of structural changes were made to the pelvis. The ilial pelvic bone shifted forward and broadened, while the ischial pelvic bone shrank, narrowing the pelvic canal. These changes were occurring at the same time as humans were developing larger craniums.

Male versus Female
Examination of the pelvis is the most useful method for identifying biological sex through the skeleton. Distinguishing features between the human male and female pelvis stem from the selective pressures of childbearing and birth. Females must be able to carry out the process of childbirth but also be able to move bipedally. The human female pelvis has evolved to be as wide as possible while still being able to allow bipedal locomotion. The compromise between these two necessary functions of the female pelvis can be especially seen through the comparative skeletal anatomy between males and females.The human pelvis is made up of three sections: the hip bones (ilium, ischium and pubis), the sacrum, and the coccyx. How these three segments articulate and what their dimensions are is key for differentiation between males and females. Females acquired the characteristic of the overall pelvic bone being thinner and denser than the pelvic bones of males. The female pelvis has also evolved to be much wider and allow for greater room in order to safely deliver a child. After sexual maturation, it can be observed that the pubic arch in females is generally an obtuse angle (between 90 and 100 degrees) while males tend to have more of an acute angle (approximately 70 degrees). This difference in angles can be attributed to the fact that the overall pelvis for a female is preferred to be wider and more open than a male pelvis. Another key difference can be seen in the sciatic notch. The sciatic notch in females tend to be wider than the sciatic notches of males. The pelvic inlet is also a key difference. The pelvic inlet in females be observed as oval-shaped in females and more of a heart-shape in males. The difference in inlet shape is related to the distance between the ischium bones of the pelvis. To allow for a wider and more oval-shaped inlet, female ischium bones are further apart from one another than the ischium bones of a male. Differences in the sacrum between males and females can also be attributed to the needs of child birth. The female sacrum is wider than the male sacrum. The female sacrum can also be observed as being shorter than the sacrum of a male. The difference in width can be explained by the overall wider shape of the female pelvis. The female sacrum is also more curved posteriorly. This could be explained by the need for as much space as possible for a birthing canal. The articulating coccyx in females is also generally observed as being straighter and more flexible than the coccyx of a male for the same reason. Because of the female pelvic bones in general being further apart from one another than those of the male pelvis, the acetabula in a female are positioned more medially and further apart from one another. It is this orientation that allows for the stereotypical swinging motion of a female's hips while walking. The acetabula not only differ in distance, but depth as well. It has been found that female acetabula have a greater depth than those in males, but also paired with a smaller femoral head. This in turn creates a more stable hip joint(insert). One of the last key differences can be seen in the auricular surface of the pelvic bones. The auricular surface where the sacroiliac joint articulates seen in females generally has a rougher texture compared to the surfaces seen in males. This difference in the texture of the articulating surface may be due to the differences in shape of the sacrum between males and females. These key differences can be examined and used to determine biological sex between two different sets of pelvic bones; all due to the need for bipedal locomotion while having the need for childbearing and childbirth in females.

Adaptations to ensure live birth
Early human ancestors, hominids, originally gave birth in a similar way that non-human primates do because early obligate quadrupedal individuals would have retained similar skeletal structure to great apes. Most non-human primates today have neonatal heads that are close in size to the mother's birth canal, as evidenced by observing female primates who do not need assistance in birthing, often seeking seclusion away from others of their species. In modern humans, parturition (childbirth) differs greatly from the rest of the primates because of both pelvic shape of the mother and neonatal shape of the infant. Further adaptations evolved to cope with bipedalism and larger craniums were also important such as neonatal rotation of the infant, shorter gestation length, assistance with birth, and a malleable neonatal head.

Neonatal rotation
Neonatal rotation was a solution for humans evolving larger brain sizes. Comparative zoological analysis has shown that the size of the human brain is anomalous, as humans have brains that are significantly larger than other animals of our proportions. Even among the great apes, we are distinctive in this regard, having brains 3 to 4 times larger than those of chimpanzees, our nearest relatives. Although the close correspondence between the neonatal cranium and the maternal pelvis in monkeys is also characteristic of humans, the orientation of the pelvic diameters differs. On average, a human fetus is nearly twice as large in relation to its mother's weight as would be expected for another similarly sized primate. The extremely close correspondence between the fetal head and the maternal pelvic dimensions requires that these dimensions line up at all points (inlet, midplane, and outlet) during the birth process. During delivery, neonatal rotation occurs when the body gets rotated to align head and shoulders transversely when entering the small pelvis, otherwise known as internal rotation. The fetus then rotates longitudinally to exit the birth canal, which is known as external rotation. In humans, the long axes of the inlet and the outlet of the obstetric canal lie perpendicular to each other. This is an important mechanism because growth in the size of the cranium as well as the width of the shoulders makes it more difficult for the infant to fit through the pelvis. This enables the largest dimensions of the fetal head to align with the largest dimensions of each plane of the maternal pelvis as labor progresses. This differs in non-human primates as there is no need for neonatal rotation in non-human primates because the birth canal is wide enough to accommodate the infant. This elaborate mechanism of labor, which requires a constant readjustment of the fetal head in relation to the bony pelvis (and which may vary somewhat depending on the shape of the pelvis in question), is completely different from the obstetrical mechanics of the other higher primates whose infants generally drop through the pelvis without any rotation or realignment. In contrast to the narrow shoulders of monkeys and higher primates, which are able to pass through the birth canal without any rotation, modern humans have broad, rigid shoulders, which generally require the same series of rotations that the head undergoes in order to travel through.Due to the evolution of bipedalism in humans, the pelvis had evolved to have a shorter, more forward curved ilium and broader sacrum in order to support ambulating on two legs. This caused the birth canal to shrink and form a more oval shape, thus the infant must undergo specific movements to rotate itself in a certain position to be able to pass through the pelvis. These movements are referred as the “seven cardinal movements,” which the infant rotates itself at the widest diameter of the pelvis to allow for the narrowest aspect of the fetal body to alight with the narrowest diameter of the pelvic. These movements include engagement, descent, flexion, internal rotation, extension, external rotation, and expulsion.

Engagement is the first movement of labor where the first part of the head enters the pelvic inlet.
Descent refers to the deeper movement of the head through the pelvic inlet with the widest diameter of the infant's head.
Flexion occurs during descent, where tissues of the pelvis create resistance as the head moves down the pelvic cavity and brings the infant's chin to the chest. This allows for the smallest part of the head to begin to push through pelvis and actively promote delivery of the baby.
Internal Rotation occurs when the head continues to descend and comes in contact with the pelvic floor, which has resistant muscles. These muscles allow for the infant to rotate their head to allow their head and shoulders to move through the pelvic. Due to the broad shape of the sacrum, the head of the fetus must be rotated from occiput transverse to occiput anterior position, which means the infant must rotate from the sideways position so the anterior head faces the buttock of the mother.
Extension is the point where the head moves past the pubic symphysis, where it has to curve underneath the birth canal while the anterior head still faces the mother's bottom.
External Rotation (or Restitution) occurs when the baby pauses after the head passes through the body. During this pause, the infant rotates itself sideways (facing the mother's thigh) to allow for the shoulder to fit though the birth canal.
Expulsion is the final step of labor. During this stage, the anterior shoulder moves past the birth canal first then the posterior shoulder. Once both shoulders are out, the baby is delivered through the birth canal completely.While the seven cardinal movements is considered the normal mechanism for labor and delivery of human babies, pelvic sizes and shapes can vary among female humans which can increase the risk of errors in rotations and delivery, especially since these moments are done completely by the baby. One of the biggest issues with the pelvic shape for childbirth is the Ischial spine. Since the ischial spines support the pelvic floor, if the spines are too far apart it can lead to a weakened pelvic floor muscles. This can cause issues as pregnancy progresses, such as difficulty carrying the fetus to full term. Another complication that can occur during human childbirth is shoulder dystocia, where the shoulder is stuck in the birth canal. This can lead to fractured humerus and clavicle of the fetus and hemorrhaging of the mother postpartum. Thus, these neonatal rotations are important in allowing the baby to safely pass through the pelvic and ensure the health of the mother as well.

Gestation length and altriciality
Gestation length in humans is believed to be shorter than most other primates of comparable size. The gestation length for humans is 266 days, or eight days short of nine months, which is counted from the first day of the woman's last menstrual period. During gestation, mothers must support the metabolic cost of tissue growth, both of the fetus and the mother, as well as the ever-increasing metabolic rate of the growing fetus. Comparative data from across mammals and primates suggest that there is a metabolic constraint on how large and energetically expensive a fetus can grow before it must leave the mother's body. It is thought that this shorter gestation period is an adaptation to ensure the survival of mother and child because it leads to altriciality. Neonatal brain and body size have increased in the hominin lineage, and human maternal investment is greater than expected for a primate of our body mass. The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis suggests that in order to successfully undergo childbirth, the infant must be born earlier and earlier, thereby making the child increasingly developmentally premature. The concept of the infant being born underdeveloped is called altriciality. Humans are born with an underdeveloped brain; only 25% of their brains fully developed at birth as opposed to non-human primates where the infant is born with 45–50% brain development. Scientists have believed that the shorter gestation period can be attributed to the narrower pelvis, as the baby must be born before its head reaches a volume that cannot be accommodated by the obstetric canal.

Social assistance
Human infants are also almost always born with assistance from other humans because of the way that the pelvis is shaped. Since the pelvis and opening of birth canal face backwards, humans have difficulty giving birth themselves because they cannot guide the baby out of the canal. Non-human primates seek seclusion when giving birth because they do not need any help due to the pelvis and opening being more forward. Human infants depend on their parents much more and for much longer than other primates. Humans spend a lot of their time caring for their children as they develop whereas other species stand on their own from when they are born. The faster an infant develops, the higher the reproductive output of a female can be. So in humans, the cost of slow development of their infants is that humans reproduce relatively slowly. This phenomenon is also known as cooperative breeding.

Malleable cranium
Humans are born with a very malleable fetal head which is not fully developed when the infant exits the womb. This soft spot on the crown of the infant allows for the head to be compressed in order to better fit through the birth canal without obstructing it. This allows for the head to develop more after birth and for the cranium to continue growing without affecting the birthing process.

Challenges to the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis has had several challenges to it, as more data is collected and analyzed. Several different fields of study have taken an interest in understanding more about the human birth process and that of human ancestor species.

Early brain growth rates
Some studies have shown that higher brain growth rates happen earlier on in ontogeny than previously thought, which challenges the idea that the explanation of the obstetrical dilemma is that humans are born with underdeveloped brains. This is because if brain growth rates were largest in early development, that is when the brain size would increase the most. Premature birth would not allow for a much larger head size if most of the growth had already happened. Also, it has been suggested that maternal pelvic dimensions are sensitive to some ecological factors.

Maternal heat stress
There has been a lot of evidence linking body mass to brain mass, leading to the determination of maternal metabolism as a key factor in the growth of the fetus. Maternal constraints could be largely due to thermal stress or energy availability. A larger brain mass in the neonate corresponds to more energy needed to sustain it. It takes much more energy for the mother if the brain fully develops in the womb. If maternal energy is the limiting factor then an infant can only grow as much as the mother can sustain. Also, because fetal size is positively correlated to maternal energy use, thermal stress is an issue because the larger the fetus, the more the mother can suffer heat stress.

Environmental effects
Additional studies suggest that other factors may further complicate the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis. One of these is dietary shifts, possibly due to the emergence of agriculture. This can be both due to change in diet as well as the increase in population density since agriculture was developed; more people leads to more disease. Studies have also been done in twins to show that pelvic size may be due more to the environment in which they live than their genetics. Another study disproves the thought that narrower hips are optimized for locomotion because it was found that a Late Stone Age population Southern Africa that survived largely on terrestrial mobility had women who had uncharacteristically small body size with large pelvic canals.

Hormones
The pelvis has the most favorable morphology of the obstetric canal between ages 25 and 30. Given that those are the ages of highest fertility, it may indicate that sex-biased autosomal gene expression, regulated by sex-specific hormones and sensitivity of hormone receptors, may have a role in decreasing not just fertility, but also decreasing preferable morphology of the obstetric canal. As a woman ages, these sex hormones and receptors become less active, which will ultimately decrease fertility and preferable morphology of the obstetric canal. The human body will not remain in a specific morphological state if it does not need to maintain that state.

Energetics of gestation and growth hypothesis
The energetics of gestation and growth (EGG) hypothesis offers a direct challenge to the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis, equating the constraints on gestation and parturition to the energy restrictions of the mother. It has been shown in studies using professional athletes and pregnant women, that there is an upper limitation to the amount of energy a woman can produce before it causes deleterious effects: approximately 2.1x their basal metabolic rate. During pregnancy the growing brain mass and length in the neonate correspond to more energy needed to sustain it. This results in a competing balance between the fetus's demand for energy and the maternal ability to meet that demand. At approximately 9 months gestation, the fetus's energy needs surpasses the mother's energy limitation, correlating with the average time of birth. The newly born infant can then be sustained on breast milk, which is a more efficient, less energy demanding mechanism of nutrient transfer between mother and child. Additionally, this hypothesis demonstrates that, contrary to the obstetrical dilemma, an increased pelvic size would not be deleterious to bipedalism. Studying the running mechanics of males and females, it was shown that an increased pelvic size related to neither an increased metabolic nor structural demand on a woman.

Obstetrical dilemma revisited
The obstetrical dilemma hypothesis has also been challenged conceptually based on new studies. The authors argue that the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis assumes that human, and therefore hominid, childbirth has been a painful and dangerous experience through the species' evolution. This assumption may be fundamentally false as many early analyses focused on maternal death data from primarily females of European-descent in Western Europe and the United States during the 19th and 20th century, a limited population. In a recent study a covariation between human pelvis shape, stature, and head size is reported. It is said that females with a large head possess a birth canal that can better accommodate large-headed neonates. Mothers with large heads usually give birth to neonates with large heads. Therefore, the detected pattern of covariation contributes to ease childbirth and has likely evolved in response to strong correlational selection. A recent study aimed to evaluate the original ideas under the 'obstetrical dilemma' and provide a detailed, more complex explanation for the tight fetopelvic fit observed in humans. They propose the original obstetrical dilemma hypothesis remains valuable as a foundation to explain the complex combination of evolutionary, ecological, and biocultural pressures that constrain maternal pelvic form and fetal size.


Global News Morning (previously known as Morning News and the Saturday Morning News or the Sunday Morning News on Saturdays and Sundays respectively and the Early Morning News from 5-6 AM) is the name of local morning newscasts airing on Global Television Network's owned-and-operated stations (O&Os) in British Columbia, Calgary, Edmonton, Saskatoon, Regina, Winnipeg, Toronto, Kingston, Peterborough, Montreal, and Halifax with each station producing its own edition of the program. In Ontario, the program was branded The Morning Show, with local variations being produced on Global Toronto, CKWS Kingston, and CHEX Peterborough, before they too adopted the Global News Morning branding.
As part of Shaw Communications' benefit package for acquiring Global and other specialty channels from the bankrupt Canwest, Global O&Os in Toronto, Winnipeg, Regina, Saskatoon, Montreal, and the Maritimes would each launch morning shows for their respective markets. As of January 28, 2013, this promise has been fulfilled by Shaw Media.On April 11, 2016, Global rebranded its local news programs. Morning News, as well as Sunday/Saturday Morning News and Early Morning News are now all known as Global News Morning.
In June 2018, Global News launched a new "L-frame" news format for their morning programs nationwide. The L-frame, which is similar to that on some 24-hour news channels such as CP24 and Global's Sister network, Global News: BC1, provides constant access to weather, traffic, business, and news headlines throughout the whole show. It launched across the network on June 5, 2018.
The latest editions of Global News Morning to launch were those on Global Kingston (formerly CKWS) and Global Peterborough (formerly CHEX). Originally branded as The Morning Show, these programs follow a similar format to other Global News Morning shows east of Alberta, with national and international news being inserted from Global Toronto.

Global BC
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global BC airs from 5:00 to 9:00 AM PT on weekdays. It is simulcast on Global Okanagan. The weekday edition of Global News Morning is hosted by Sonia Sunger with Paul Haysom as news anchor, Mark Madryga as meteorologist, and Katelin Owsianski as in studio traffic anchor with Amber Belzer in Global 1 for airborne traffic. Global News Morning is currently British Columbia's most-watched morning show.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. This edition is hosted by Jennifer Palma with Kasia Bodurka on weather and Jay Janower on sports.

Global Calgary
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global Calgary airs weekdays at 5:00 to 9:00 AM MT. It is simulcast on Global Lethbridge. Global News Morning on Global Calgary is hosted by Dallas Flexhaug and Leslie Horton. Jordan Witzel was the on-air meteorologist for the program until his departure from the station in May 2021.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. Global News Morning on the weekend is hosted by Tracy Nagai and Jodi Hughes.

Global Edmonton
Weekdays
Global News Morning on Global Edmonton airs weekdays from 5:00 AM to 9:00 AM MT. It was previously simulcast on CKSA Lloydminster until Global's disaffiliation in December 2021. It is the most watched morning show in Edmonton, consistently beating the nearest competition by a margin of 6 to 1. Global News Morning is hosted by Vinesh Pratap and Erin Chalmers with Daintre Christensen as traffic reporter and Mike Sobel on weather.

Weekends
Global News Morning airs from 7:00am – 10:00am on weekend mornings. Global News Morning is hosted by Lisa MacGregor and weather specialist Kevin O'Connell.

Global Regina
Global News Morning on Global Regina airs weekdays from 6am to 9am local time. Global News Morning is hosted by Marney Blunt. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2012 along with Morning News on Global Winnipeg and Global Saskatoon after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).

Global Saskatoon
Global News Morning on Global Saskatoon airs weekdays from 6am to 9am local time. Global News Morning on Global Saskatoon is hosted by Chris Carr with Chantal Wagner as weather specialist. Global News Morning was launched in 2012 along with Global News Morning on Global Winnipeg and Global Regina after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).

Global Winnipeg
Global News Morning on Global Winnipeg airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM. It was simulcast on CJBN Kenora, until its closure in early 2017. It debuted on February 6, 2012 and featured the only television news helicopter in Winnipeg, SkyView 1, which has since been grounded. Global News Morning is anchored by Gabrielle Marchand alongside Kahla Evans as weather specialist and Abigail Turner and Corey Callaghan as field reporters. Long-time weather specialist Mike Koncan announced on November 25, 2016 that he would be leaving Global News Morning to begin presenting the weather on Global News at 6 and Global News at 10. Adriana Zhang joined the show on March 6, 2017 as the new weather specialist, where she stayed until December 21, 2018 when she left Global Winnipeg for CTV Calgary. On April 5, 2019 Shannon Cuciz announced on her Instagram that the following week would be her last. Her final newscast aired on April 12, 2019. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2012 along with Morning News on Global Regina and Global Saskatoon after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Toronto, Global Montreal, and Global Maritimes (Halifax).
Former Personalities

Fiona Odlum - SkyView1 (now CBC Saskatchewan)
Derek Taylor - Co-Host/Sports (now Saskatchewan Roughriders Play-by-Play Announcer)
Eva Kovacs - Anchor (now Communications at The Royal Canadian Mint)
Megan Bachelor - Reporter/Anchor (now at CBC Vancouver)
Brittany Greenslade - Reporter/Anchor (still reporting at Global Winnipeg)
Holly Alexandruk - Anchor
Cole Deakin - Reporter
Mike Koncan - Weather Specialist (now Weather Specialist for Global News at 6 and 10)
Justine Routhier - SkyView 1 Traffic Reporter (still at Global News Radio 680 CJOB)
Kevin Hirschfield - Reporter (now anchor for Global News at 10)
Adriana Zhang - Weather Specialist (now at CTV Calgary)
Shannon Cuciz - Anchor
Malika Karim - Anchor (now reporter for Global News at 6)

Global Toronto, E! Hamilton, Global Kingston, and Global Peterborough
Global Toronto airs Global News Morning from 6AM to 9:00AM ET on weekdays. It is hosted by Antony Robart, Candace Daniel, and Liem Vu. The show is produced from studios located at Corus Quay Building at 25 Dockside Drive in Toronto.
In 2000, parent company Canwest acquired the broadcasting assets of Western International Communications. Among them was CHCH (OnTV), which relaunched in February 2001 as CH Hamilton and the CH system was launched later that year. CHCH debuted CH Morning Live on February 13, 2001 and currently airs from 5:30AM to 9:00AM ET weekdays. It was renamed to Morning Live in 2007 when CH became E! and continues to air after the station was sold to Channel Zero in 2009.

History
The station debuted a morning news program on July 14, 2003 under the title Global News Morning; it was broadcast weekdays 6AM to 9AM ET. The program was renamed Morning News in 2006  in conjunction with Global's network-wide rebranding exercise. This show was broadcast from 81 Barber Greene Road (Global Toronto Office) in Don Mills from 2003 to 2009.
The newscast was cancelled in January 2009 due to low ratings, and was replaced by a simulcast of then-sister station CHCH-TV's more popular Morning Live show, originating in Hamilton, from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. The CHCH simulcast was dropped in August 2009 after Canwest sold the Hamilton station to Channel Zero; since then, Global Toronto had aired second-run lifestyle programming in the morning timeslot.
On June 1, 2011, Shaw Communications announced that it would relaunch a morning newscast on Global Toronto in the fall of 2011 under the title The Morning Show, instead of using the Morning News moniker found on other Global O&Os. Kris Reyes, Liza Fromer, Dave Gerry and Daru Dhillon were named as the anchors for the three-hour-long show. It debuted on October 11, 2011.
On August 27, 2012, Dhillon left the show. On the same day, CIII launched The News at Noon.  Antony Robart took over Dhillon's position. The News at Noon was produced in the same Bloor Street studio as The Morning Show. On December 12, 2012, it was announced that The Morning Show would be expanded in early 2013 to include an additional half-hour that would be broadcast nationally.
In June 2016, long-time host of The Morning Show, Liza Fromer, was let go from the station after her contract was not renewed. Her position would not be filled on the local morning show and Carolyn Mackenzie would take her place on the national edition.In 2017, Corus Entertainment launched two other local morning news programs on their affiliates CHEX Peterborough (now Global Peterborough) and CKWS Kingston (now Global Kingston), also branded The Morning Show. These shows follow a similar format to other Global News Morning programs east of Alberta, with cut-ins to the Toronto version of the show for national and international news headlines.
On January 28, 2019, Corus Entertainment announced the expansion of the national edition of The Morning Show, extending the show's running time from half an hour to one hour beginning in early March 2019. On February 12, 2019, it was also announced that the local edition of The Morning Show from 6am-9am would be rebranded as Global News Morning, following the naming-scheme of other Global morning shows across the country. Additionally, hosts Jeff McArthur and Carolyn Mackenzie will move exclusively to the extended national edition of The Morning Show, while Global News at 11 co-anchor Antony Robart and former Breakfast Television host Jennifer Valentyne will become the anchors of Global News Morning, along with Liem Vu and Marianne Dimain. The changes took place March 4, 2019. At the same time, The Morning Show was also rebranded to Global News Morning on Global Peterborough and Global Kingston. Jennifer Valentyne (laid off July 2020) was replaced with Candace Daniel in 2021.

Former personalities on Global News Morning
Robin Gill - anchor, 2008–2009 (now with Global National)
Anne-Marie Mediwake - anchor, 2006–2007; later promoted to Global News Hour Toronto And CBC News Network. Previously with CBC Toronto, now with CTV's national morning show Your Morning.
Jennifer Valentyne - anchor 2019–2020

Global Montreal
Global News Morning on Global Montreal airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM ET. The program is broadcast from its studios in the Dominion Square Building in Downtown Montreal, and from various locations in Montreal's West Island area. The show is anchored by Laura Casella with Kim Sullivan as weather specialist. Global News Morning was anchored by Camille Ross with Jessica Laventure as weather specialist until June 2016. Her replacement is Laura Casella, previously of Breakfast Television Montreal. Global News Morning was launched in 2013 along with Global News Morning on Global Maritimes after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Winnipeg, Global Regina, and Global Saskatoon.

History
The Morning News began airing on Global Montreal on January 28, 2013, 5 years after the station's original morning show (This Morning Live) was cancelled.
After being rebranded as Global, Global Montreal aired a live two and a half-hour (and subsequently three) hour weekday morning magazine program called This Morning Live. It was aired in place of cartoons that aired on most Global stations weekday mornings because Quebec provincial law requires children's programming to be shown weekdays commercial-free over the air. A side benefit of this was that it added enough Canadian content to the station's schedule that it could air American talk shows in the afternoon.
The cancellation of This Morning Live was announced in late 2007 and the last program was broadcast on February 27, 2008. To partially make up for the loss of locally produced broadcast hours, the station brought back News Final, which was cancelled in June 2006 due to low ratings.
Long-time Global News Morning personalities Camille Ross and Jessica Laventure both left the show in June 2016. On June 22, Camille Ross announced her departure and officially left on June 23 to move to London, Ontario. Jessica Laventure left on June 30 to work in Punta Cana.

Global Halifax
Global News Morning on Global Halifax airs weekday mornings from 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM AT. It is simulcast on Global New Brunswick. The program is broadcast in high-definition from its new studios on Gottingen Street in Downtown Halifax. It launched on January 28, 2013 and is the only three-hour-long morning news program in the Maritimes. Global News Morning in Halifax is hosted by Alyse Hand and Paul Brothers. Global News Morning (then Morning News) was launched in 2013 along with Morning News on Global Montreal after Shaw Media promised to launch morning shows in these markets along with Global Winnipeg, Global Regina, and Global Saskatoon.

See also
Global News
Rival morning programs include:
Canada AM on CTV and CTV News Channel (now cancelled)
Your Morning on CTV and CTV News Channel (replacement for Canada AM)
CTV Morning Live on select CTV and CTV 2 local stations
Breakfast Television on Citytv
CBC News Now on CBC and CBC News Network
News Hour
The Morning Show

References
External links
Global News launches new Toronto morning show
Canwest eliminates morning and noon TV newscasts at Global Toronto
Shaw Benefits Proposal Includes $43-million for Morning NewsThe Wilhelm Order ("Wilhelmsorden") of Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel) was instituted by the Elector Friedrich Wilhelm I on 20 August 1851 as a civil and military Order of Merit. It was composed of the three lower grades of the Order of the Golden Lion and a Grand Cross was added.
In total the order was awarded more than 450 times in the 16 years of its existence. 
The motto of the Order was Virtuti et Fidelitate, and the ribbon was Carmine-red with red and white borders.
On 1 August 1866, Hesse-Kassel was annexed by Prussia and on 3 October of that same year the Hesse-Kassellian orders were incorporated into the Prussian system of honours. On 27 August 1875 the Order was abolished. Although there were no new awards by the Prussian Kings in the 1866–1875 era, the exiled Elector Friedrich Wilhelm I. awarded the order approximately 8 times until his death in 1875.
The Order is not to be confused with the exclusive

Military Order of William of the Netherlandsor

The Wilhelm-Orden of Prussia.

References
Maximilian Gritzner, Handbuch der Ritter-und Verdienstorden (Leipzig, 1893)
Werner Sauer, Die Orden und Ehrenzeichen des Kurfürstentums Hessen-Kassel (Hamburg, n.d.)Angelica lineariloba is a species of Angelica known as poison angelica or Sierra angelica. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and nearby slopes and flats in California and western Nevada from 6000 to 10,600 ft in elevation. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow stem up to about 1.5 meters tall. The large but feathery leaves are made up of many highly dissected leaflets which are linear to threadlike in shape. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 40 rays holding clusters of small white to cream flowers. There are papery sheaths at the base of each petiole where it branches from the stem (see image at left). The plants overall are rather similar to the other large umbellifers cow parsnip and swamp whiteheads, but cow parsnips have huge lobed but undivided leaves, while swamp whiteheads have pinnate leaves and the individual flowerheads are dense, round balls.

References
N.F. Weeden, A Sierra Nevada Flora, Wilderness Press 1996.

External links
 Media related to Angelica lineariloba at Wikimedia Commons

Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Photo galleryKarekin Khajag (Armenian: Գարեգին Խաժակ; 6 October 1867–1915) was an Armenian journalist, writer, political activist and educator. A member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, Khajag traveled around the world to help support revolutionary activity. During his life, Khajag was imprisoned four times. He became a professor and a principal in several Armenian schools throughout the region. In 1915, Karekin Khajag was arrested and subsequently killed during the Armenian genocide.

Life
Karekin Khajag was born Karekin Chakalian on 6 October 1867 in Alexandropol within the Russian Empire (present-day Gyumri, Armenia). He was called Chakal Oghli (Turkish: son of Chakal), which would later be rendered as Khajag by those around him. In 1883, after attaining his early education locally, he continued his higher education at the Gevorgian Seminary. Graduating  in 1886, Khajag became a teacher and for seven years taught in parochial schools in Baku, Akulis, and Ganja. During his time in Baku, Khajag joined the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF). To further his education, Khajag went to Geneva, where he attended the University of Geneva and studied social sciences. While in Geneva, he began to contribute to the newspaper Droshak, an organ of the ARF.Immediately after his graduation in 1898, Khajag was sent to the Balkans and then Alexandria by the editorial staff of Droshak. After staying in Alexandria for a year, he went to Izmir for six months and finally Constantinople, where he remained for two years.

Karekin Khajag was imprisoned for eight months due to revolutionary activity. He was then exiled to the Caucasus where he continued his work as a teacher. He became the principal of the Armenian school in Shushi for two years. After his marriage, Khajag settled in Tiflis in 1903 and became one of the editors of the Armenian newspaper Mshak. While working for the newspaper, he also taught on the side at the Nersisyan School. In 1906, he became one of the founding editors of the newspaper Harach, working alongside Avetis Aharonian and Yeghisheh Topjian.In 1908 he was arrested and sent to prison, where he remained for six months. After being released, Khajag was arrested again and sent to prison nine months later.After being released from prison in 1912, Khajag returned to Constantinople where he contributed to the local newspaper Azadamard, while becoming a principal of an Armenian school in the district of Samatya.

Death
Karekin Khajag was one of the Armenian leaders deported during the Armenian Genocide. On the night of 24 April 1915, Khajag was arrested and imprisoned in Constantinople, then sent via train to Ayaş, a village located in the interior provinces of the Ottoman Empire. Confined in a prison at Ayaş, Khajag along with Rupen Zartarian, Sarkis Minassian, Khachatur Malumian, Harutiun Jangülian, and Nazaret Daghavarian were to be transferred to Diyarbakir on 2 June. Ostensibly, they were to undergo a court-martial in Diyarbakir; however, Khajag along with the rest were murdered en route in the area of Karacur between Urfa and Severek (today Siverek). The order for the murder was given from Captain Şevket to Haci Onbaşı, a member of the Special Organization.

References
Bibliography
Balakian, Grigoris (2010).  Peter Balakian and Aris Sevag (ed.). Armenian Golgotha: a memoir of the Armenian genocide, 1915-1918 (1st Vintage Books ed.). New York: Vintage Books. ISBN 978-1400096770.
Kevorkian, Raymond H. (2010). The Armenian genocide: a complete history (Reprinted. ed.). London: I. B. Tauris. ISBN 978-1-84885-561-8.
Tasnapetian, Hrach (1990). History of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation. Oemme Edizioni. ISBN 9788885822115.The 2022 season will be the New England Patriots' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 63rd overall, their 21st playing home games at Gillette Stadium and their 23rd under head coach Bill Belichick. They will look to improve on their 10–7 record from last year and make the playoffs for the 19th time since 2000.

Draft
Notes

Exact numbers of the selections from rounds 4–7 will be determined when compensatory selections are awarded at the NFL's annual spring owners' meetings.

Staff
Coaching changes
Current roster
Preseason
The Patriots' preseason opponents and schedule will be announced in the spring.

Regular season
2022 opponents
Listed below are the Patriots' opponents for 2022. Exact dates and times will be announced in the spring.

References
External links
Official websiteHoward Jordan is the former Chief of the Oakland Police Department. Jordan was appointed Interim Chief by Mayor Jean Quan in October 2011 after the resignation of Chief Anthony Batts.  The appointment was made permanent the following February.  Prior to his appointment as Chief, Jordan had accrued over twenty years experience as a member of the Oakland Police Department.Jordan had previously served as Interim Chief in 2009 following the resignation of Wayne Tucker.Jordan announced his retirement due to medical reasons on May 8, 2013. Assistant Chief Anthony Toribio became the department's interim chief in accordance with department policy, replaced by Sean Whent only two days later.


The short-eared owl (Asio flammeus) is a widespread grassland species in the family Strigidae. Owls belonging to genus Asio are known as the eared owls, as they have tufts of feathers resembling mammalian ears. These "ear" tufts may or may not be visible. The short-eared owl will display its tufts when in a defensive pose, although its very short tufts are usually not visible. The short-eared owl is found in open country and grasslands.

Taxonomy
The short-eared owl was formally described in 1763 by the Lutheran bishop Erik Pontoppidan under the binomial name Strix flammea. The specific epithet is from the Latin flammeus meaning "flammulated" or "flame-coloured". This owl is now placed with seven other species in the genus Asio that was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760.Eleven subspecies are recognised:
A. f. flammeus – (Pontoppidan, 1763): the nominate subspecies, found in North America, Europe, North Africa and northern Asia
A. f. cubensis – Garrido, 2007: found in Cuba
A. f. domingensis – (Statius Müller, 1776): found on Hispaniola
A. f. portoricensis – Ridgway, 1882: found in Puerto Rico
A. f. bogotensis – Chapman, 1915: found in Colombia, Ecuador and northwestern Peru
A. f. galapagoensis – (Gould, 1837): found on the Galápagos Islands
A. f. pallidicaudus – Friedmann, 1949: found in Venezuela, Guyana and Suriname
A. f. suinda – (Vieillot, 1817): found from southern Peru and southern Brazil to Tierra del Fuego
A. f. sanfordi – Bangs, 1919: found on the Falkland Islands
A. f. sandwichensis – (A. Bloxam, 1827): Pueo or Hawaiian short-eared owl - found on the Hawaiian Islands
A. f. ponapensis – Mayr, 1933: found on eastern Caroline Island

Description
The short-eared owl is a medium-sized owl measuring 34–43 cm (13–17 in) in length and weighing 206–475 g (7.3–16.8 oz). It has large eyes, a big head, a short neck, and broad wings. Its bill is short, strong, hooked and black. Its plumage is mottled tawny to brown with a barred tail and wings. The upper breast is significantly streaked. Its flight is characteristically floppy due to its irregular wingbeats. The short-eared owl may also be described as "moth or bat-like" in flight. Wingspans range from 85 to 110 cm (33 to 43 in). Females are slightly larger than males. The yellow-orange eyes of A. flammeus are exaggerated by black rings encircling each eye, giving the appearance of them wearing mascara, and large, whitish disks of plumage surrounding the eyes like a mask.

Calls
Short-eared owls have a scratchy bark-like call. Raspy waowk, waowk, waowk or toot-toot-toot-toot-toot sounds are common. A loud eeee-yerp is also heard on breeding grounds. However, short-eared owls are silent on the wintering grounds.

Separation from the long-eared owl
Through much of its range, short-eared owls occurs with the similar-looking long-eared owl. At rest, the ear-tufts of the long-eared owl serve to easily distinguish the two (although long-eared owls can sometimes hold their ear-tufts flat). The iris-colour differs: yellow in the short-eared, and orange in the long-eared, and the black surrounding the eyes is vertical on the long-eared, and horizontal on the short-eared. Overall the short-eared tends to be a paler, sandier bird than the long-eared. There are a number of other ways in which the two species the differ which are best seen when they are flying: a) the short-eared often has a broad white band along the rear edge of the wing, which is not shown by the long-eared; b) on the upperwing, short-eared owls' primary-patches are usually paler and more obvious; c) the band on the upper side of the short-eared owl's tail are usually bolder than those of the long-eared; d) the short-eared's innermost secondaries are often dark-marked, contrasting with the rest of the underwing; e) the long-eared owl has streaking throughout its underparts, whereas on the short-eared the streaking ends at the breast; f) the dark markings on the underside of the tips of the longest primaries are bolder on the short-eared owl; g) the upper parts are coarsely blotched, whereas on the long-eared they are more finely marked. The short-eared owl also differs structurally from the long-eared, having longer, slimmer wings: the long-eared owl has wings shaped more like those of a tawny owl. The long-eared owl generally has different habitat preferences from the short-eared, most often being found concealed in areas with dense wooded thickets. The short-eared owl is often most regularly seen flying about in early morning or late day as it hunts over open habitats.

Pictures

Distribution and habitat
The short-eared owl occurs on all continents except Antarctica and Australia; thus it has one of the most widespread distributions of any bird. A. flammeus breeds in Europe, Asia, North and South America, the Caribbean, Hawaii and the Galápagos Islands. It is partially migratory, moving south in winter from the northern parts of its range. The short-eared owl is known to relocate to areas of higher rodent populations. It will also wander nomadically in search of better food supplies during years when vole populations are low. (See a map of the short-eared owl's distribution across the New World.)

Behaviour
Breeding
Sexual maturity is attained at one year. Breeding season in the northern hemisphere lasts from March to June, peaking in April. During this time these owls may gather in flocks. During breeding season, the males make great spectacles of themselves in flight to attract females. The male swoops down over the nest flapping its wings in a courtship display. These owls are generally monogamous.
The short-eared owl nests on the ground in prairie, tundra, savanna, or meadow habitats. Nests are concealed by low vegetation, and may be lightly lined by weeds, grass, or feathers. Approximately 4 to 7 white eggs are found in a typical clutch, but clutch size can reach up to a dozen eggs in years when voles are abundant. There is one brood per year. The eggs are incubated mostly by the female for 21–37 days. Offspring fledge at a little over four weeks. This owl is known to lure predators away from its nest by appearing to have a crippled wing.

Food and feeding
Hunting occurs mostly at night, but this owl is known to be diurnal and crepuscular as well. Its daylight hunting seems to coincide with the high-activity periods of voles, its preferred prey. It tends to fly only feet above the ground in open fields and grasslands until swooping down upon its prey feet-first. Several owls may hunt over the same open area. Its food consists mainly of rodents, especially voles, but it will eat other small mammals such as mice, ground squirrels, shrews, rats, bats, muskrats and moles. It will also occasionally predate smaller birds, especially when near sea-coasts and adjacent wetlands at which time they attack shorebirds, terns and small gulls and seabirds with semi-regularity. Avian prey is more infrequently preyed on inland and centers on passerines such as larks, icterids, starlings, tyrant flycatchers and pipits. Insects supplement the diet and short-eared owls may prey on roaches, grasshoppers, beetles, katydids and caterpillars. Competition can be fierce in North America with the northern harrier, with which the owl shares similar habitat and prey preferences. Both species will readily harass the other when prey is caught.Because of the high pH in the stomach of owls they have a reduced ability to digest bone and other hard parts, they eject pellets containing the remains of their prey.

Conservation status
It is listed as declining in the southern portion of its US range. It is common in the northern portion of its breeding range.It is listed as endangered in New Mexico. Its appearance at the Calverton Executive Airpark on Long Island has prompted the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation to take the lead on ruling whether a massive redevelopment of the airport will receive the necessary environmental permits.

References
Identification
Davis, A.H.; Prytherch, R.J. (1976). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 69: 281–287.
Kemp, J.B. (1982). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 227.
Robertson, Iain S. (1982). "Field identification of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 227–229.
Kemp, J.B. (1982). "Tail-lengths of Long-eared and Short-eared Owls". British Birds. 75 (5): 230.

External links
Short-eared Owl - Asio flammeus - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
"Short-eared owl media". Internet Bird Collection.
Riverhead, NY News Review article about the appearance of short-eared owls at EPCAL
Ageing and sexing (PDF; 3.7 MB) by Javier Blasco-Zumeta & Gerd-Michael Heinze
BirdLife species factsheet for Asio flammeus
"Asio flammeus". Avibase. 
Short-eared owl photo gallery at VIREO (Drexel University)
Interactive range map of Asio flammeus at IUCN Red List maps
Audio recordings of Short-eared owl on Xeno-canto.Peta-Kaye Croft (born 5 August 1972, in Mount Isa) is an Australian Labor Party politician who represented the seat of Broadwater in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. She entered Parliament at the 2001 election by defeating Allan Grice. She was defeated at the 2012 election by Verity Barton.
She was born in Mount Isa and lived in Townsville and Brisbane during her early years. She was educated on the Gold Coast boarding at St Hilda's School, and graduating from Griffith University with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Japanese. Croft is also a qualified swimming instructor and has strong interests in the environment and protecting native flora and fauna.


The Pines Theater is a historic movie theater located in Lufkin, Texas.  Built in 1925, it was designed by architect Shirley Simons and/or W. P. Berry in Moderne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.  The City of Lufkin purchased the theater in 2007.  The City has undertaken extensive restoration efforts on the theater from 2009 to 2012.

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Angelina County, Texas

References
External links
 Media related to Pines Theatre at Wikimedia CommonsThe 2017 Budha Subba Gold Cup is the 19th edition of the Budha Subba Gold Cup held in Dharan and organised by Redbull . 10 teams participated in the tournament. The defending champions Manang Marshyangdi Club did not participate. All matches were held at the ANFA Technical Center Dharan-17. In total, eight teams from Nepal participated in the tournament and were joined by two teams from India. United Sikkim FC from Gangtok, India was also supposed to play in this tournament but had to withdraw due to a "technical problem". It was replaced by Kanchanjunga FC.

Teams
Bracket
The following is the bracket which the 2017 Budha Subba Gold Cup resembled. Numbers in parentheses next to the match score represent the results of a penalty shoot-out.

Awards and Prize Money
Prize Money for winning team: NPRs 500,000 (Nepal Police Club)
Prize Money for runners-up: NPRs 250,000 (Sankata FC)
Highest Goal Scorer Award: Ju Manu Rai and Anil Gurung (both Sankata FC) They each get NPRs 12,500 as prize money.
Best Coach Award: Kumar Katuwal (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Striker of the Tournament Award: Ju Manu Rai (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Midfielder of the Tournament Award: Heman Gurung (Dharan F.C.) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Defender of the Tournament Award: Bikram Dhimal (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Best Goalkeeper of the Tournament Award: Roshan Khadka (Nepal Police Club) Prize money: NPRs 15,000
Rising Player of the Tournament Award: Rajin Subba (Dharan F.C.) Prize money: NPRs 10,000


The 20th Avenue station is a local station on the BMT West End Line of the New York City Subway, located at the intersection of 20th Avenue and 86th Street in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. It is served by the D train at all times.

History
20th Avenue opened on July 29, 1916, as part of an extension of the BMT West End Line from 18th Avenue to 25th Avenue. The line was originally a surface excursion railway to Coney Island, called the Brooklyn, Bath and Coney Island Railroad, which was established in 1862, but did not reach Coney Island until 1864. Under the Dual Contracts of 1913, an elevated line was built over New Utrecht Avenue, 86th Street and Stillwell Avenue, replacing the surface railway.The platforms were extended in the 1950s to accommodate the current standard B Division train length of 615 feet (187 m).
In 2012, the station was rehabilitated with funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Station layout
This elevated station has two side platforms and three tracks. The center express track is not normally used. The Coney Island-bound platform is slightly to the south of the Manhattan-bound platform, which accounts for the locations where the platforms were extended.
Both platforms have beige windscreens along their entire length and brown canopies with green frames and support columns in the center. The exposed section of the platforms have black, full-height lampposts at regular intervals. The station signs feature the standard black station name plate with white lettering.
The 2012 artwork here is called Kaleidoscope by Odili Donald Odita. It features abstract laminated glass windows on the platform windscreens based on Odita's visual memories of the Bensonhurst neighborhood.

Exits
This station has one elevated station house beneath the center of the platforms and tracks. Two staircases from each platform go down to a waiting area/crossunder, where a turnstile bank provides access to and from the station. Outside fare control, there is a token booth and four staircases going down to all corners of 20th Avenue and 86th Street.

References
External links
nycsubway.org – BMT West End Line: 20th Avenue
Station Reporter — D Train
20th Avenue entrance from Google Maps Street View
Platforms from Google Maps Street View
20th Avenue at TheSubwayNut Archived 2020-07-06 at the Wayback MachineThe Canadian Rustic Pony is a breed of pony that originated in Canada, particularly Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The pony is the result of a crossing between the Heck horse and Welsh pony-Arabian horse crosses.

History
The Canadian Rustic Pony was developed by Dr. Peter Neufeld of Manitoba, Canada.  Breeders developed the breed by crossing Heck horses from the Atlanta Zoo in Atlanta, Georgia with Arabian horse-Welsh pony crosses. On January 23, 1989, the Canadian Rustic Pony Association was formed, incorporated under the new Canadian federal Animal Pedigree Act, also known as Bill C-67. Prior to this, since 1978, Canadian rustic ponies had been registered through a registry based in the United States, and as of September 1989, 72 ponies had been US-registered. These ponies were eligible to become double-registered under the Canadian and US registries, and many did so. No ponies were found outside of Manitoba and Saskatchewan as of September 1989, but this was expected to change as more breeders became aware of the new breed.

Characteristics
These ponies stand between 12.2 and 13.2 hands (50 and 54 inches, 127 and 137 cm) high. They can be gray, buckskin, dun or bay, have primitive markings such as dorsal and zebra stripes, and have partially raised manes. The facial profile is straight or slightly dished, with a prominent jaw. The neck is thick but arched, the girth and shoulders thick, and the croup slightly sloping. The legs are strong, and the ponies are said to move fluidly, especially at the trot. The Canadian Rustic Pony is used mainly for jumping, driving or as family pets.

References
Further reading
Genesis Magazine, 2003, Volume 18, Issues 1 & 2 - (See here [1] for magazine contents).James Troha is an American academic administrator, currently serving as President of Juniata College in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania. Troha took office in 2013.

Early life and education
Troha is a native of Cleveland, Ohio. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in criminal justice and Master's degree in counseling from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania. He earned a PhD in educational policy from the University of Kansas.

Career
Prior to assuming his role as president of Juniata College, Troha worked as an administrator at Heidelberg University, first as vice president for student affairs and dean of students, vice president for institutional advancement and university relations, and interim president from 2008 to 2009. From 2009 to 2013, he served as the university's vice president for institutional advancement and university relation. In 2013, it was announced that Troha has been selected by the Juniata College Board of Trustees to serve as the institution's 12th president. He took office on June 1, 2013.


Gymnopis syntrema is a species of caecilian in the family Dermophiidae. It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and possibly Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.

References
External links
Amphibian WebJames Winder Good (1877 - 1930) was an Irish political journalist and writer. Rejecting the Unionism of his Protestant youth, Good migrated from the Belfast Newsletter to Dublin's Freeman's Journal. In the years leading to Irish statehood and Partition he was a persistent critic of British policy and of Irish sectarianism. 
Good was born 15 January 1877 in Limerick, eldest son of Benjamin Good, an RIC constable, and Margaret Good (née Winder). His family moved to Belfast and he was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, where he befriended Robert Wilson Lynd and Paul Henry. Lynd recalled Good remarking that he wouldn't miss a Belfast riot for the offer of a first-night seat at a London play.Good graduated from Queen's College Belfast began his journalistic career in Belfast as a reporter with the Newsletter. He supported the Ulster Literary Theatre. In 1908, the company produced his play "Leaders of the people" at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin. Written under the pseudonym ‘Robert Harding’, the Ibsenite drama focuses on the trials of new conciliation party candidate in an Ulster election. Good was assistant editor of the Northern Whig before moving in 1916, the year of the Easter Rising, to Dublin to work as a leader writer for the Freeman's Journal, a paper closely allied to the Irish Parliamentary Party.Despite his aversion to Partition, Good supported acceptance of twenty-six county dominion statehood under the  Anglo-Irish Treaty. He believed that "hard" economic facts would persuade the Unionist six-county regime in Belfast that economic stability required "working arrangements" with the new Free State government in Dublin, and might, in time, "open the eyes of its former devotees to the drawbacks of Partition".In 1921, Good published a short polemical biography of the Land League activist Michael Davitt. It expresses Good's preference for a national politics based on open organisation (as opposed to the "Fenianism" of Davitt's early years) and on popular economic and social interest. He lauds Davitt as the man whose "hammer strokes destroyed a system of land tenure, which for over three centuries had been the most powerful instrument in encompassing the economic degradation of the Irish people, and ensuring their subjugation to alien rule."As leader writer and drama critic Good joined of the Irish Independent when, after the anti-Treaty IRA destroyed its presses, the Freeman's Journal merged with the paper in 1924. Good was also a regular correspondent for British and U.S. newspapers.From 1923 Good was assistant to George William Russell as editor of the Irish Statesman (1923–30) "the first major post-independence Irish intellectual review." Contributors included W.B. Yeats, George Bernard Shaw and Susan Langstaff Mitchell.Good died in Dublin on 2 May 1930.
Works:

Leaders of the people (play written under the pseudonym Robert Harding; premiered at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin, 1908)
Ulster and Ireland (Maunsel & Co. Ltd, Dublin, 1919)
Irish Unionism  (Dublin: Talbot Press, 1920)
Michael Davitt  (Cumann Leigeacrai an Phobail, Dublin, 1921).
"Two Irish Patriots (Dr William Drennan and Mrs Martha McTier)", Studies: an Irish Quarterly Review 10:38, 1921.


Margaret Bennett (born 27 October 1946) is a Scottish writer, folklorist, ethnologist, broadcaster, and singer. Her main interests lies in the field of traditional Scottish folk culture and cultural identity of the Scots in Scotland and abroad. The late Hamish Henderson, internationally distinguished poet and folklorist, said about her: Margaret embodies the spirit of Scotland.

Biography
Margaret Bennett grew up in a family of tradition bearers: Gaelic, from her mother's side, and Irish and Lowland Scots from her father's. She and her three sisters lived their childhood in the Isle of Skye, "in a household where singing, playing music, dancing and storytelling were a way of life as were traditional crafts." The family moved to the Isle of Lewis in the late 1950s, and then to the Shetland Islands between 1963–1964, when her father (a civil engineer) emigrated to Newfoundland, Canada. When visiting him in 1965, she came across the newly founded Folklore Department at Memorial University of Newfoundland. There, under the direction of Prof. Herbert Halpert, she realised that her cultural heritage "was a subject you could actually study and get a degree in."After finishing her teacher training in Scotland with distinction, Bennett returned to Newfoundland, where she worked as an elementary school teacher in St. John's between 1967–68. From 1968 she attended the University, intermittently lecturing part-time at St. John's Vocational College, then, in 1975, earned a post-graduate MA from M.U.N. She spent a year in Quebec as folklorist for the Museum of Man (now Canadian Museum of Civilization, across the Ottawa River) before returning to Scotland. Between 1977–1984, she worked as a special education teacher in the Scottish Education Department. From 1984 to 1995, she was lecturer in Scottish Ethnology at the School of Scottish Studies of the University of Edinburgh. Since October 1995 she has been Glasgow Honorary Research Fellow of the University of Glasgow (attached to Glasgow-Strathclyde School of Scottish Studies) and lecturer in folklore at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland in Glasgow.
She is the mother of the late Martyn Bennett.

Academic life
1967: Dip Ed (Distinction), Jordanhill College of Education (University of Strathclyde), Glasgow.
1970: she received a BA(Ed) in Education from the Memorial University of Newfoundland at St. John's.
1975: she earned a post-graduate MA in Folklore from M.U.N. defending her thesis "Some Aspects of the Scottish Gaelic Traditions of the Codroy Valley, Newfoundland", where she records and analyses the traditions of the Gaelic-speaking settlers in the Codroy Valley.
1994: she achieved a PhD in Ethnology from the University of Edinburgh with a thesis entitled "Hebridean Traditions of the Eastern Townships of Quebec: A Study in Cultural Identity".

Works
The Last Stronghold: Scottish Gaelic Traditions in Newfoundland (Canada's Atlantic Folklore-folklife series). Canongate Books Ltd, Breakwater Books Ltd, 1989 / ISBN 0-86241-197-1 - ISBN 978-0-86241-197-8, ISBN 0-920911-38-2 - ISBN 978-0-920911-38-9
Oatmeal and the Catechism: Scottish Gaelic Settlers  in Quebec (Mcgill-Queen's Studies in Ethnic History). McGill Queens University Press, Birlinn, 1999, 2002, 2004. ISBN 0-7735-1810-X – ISBN 978-0-7735-1810-0,ISBN 0-85976-574-1, ISBN 978-0-85976-574-9, ISBN 0-85976-461-3 - ISBN 978-0-85976-461-2, ISBN 0-7735-1810-X – ISBN 978-0-7735-1810-0, ISBN 0-7735-2775-3
Scottish Customs from the Cradle to the Grave. Polygon, Birlinn Ltd, 1993, 1998, 2004. ISBN 978-1-84158-293-1, ISBN 978-0-7486-6118-3.
Then another thing-Remembered in Perthshire: reminiscences, rhymes, games, songs and stories. (With Doris Rougvie) Perth &  Kinross Council Educations Services, 2000. ISBN 0-905452-31-3  - ISBN 978-0-905452-31-9
Recollections of an Argyllshire Drover: And Other Selected Papers Eric Cregeen (ed. Margaret Bennett). John Donald Publishers Ltd, 2004. ISBN 0-85976-575-X – ISBN 978-0-85976-575-6
‘See when You look Back…’ Clydeside Reminiscences of the Home Front, 1939–45. The Mitchell Library, 2005. ISBN 0-906169-58-5
'It's Not the Time You Have...': Notes and Memories of Music-Making with Martyn Bennett. Grace Note Publications, 2006. ISBN 0-9552326-1-9 - ISBN 978-0-9552326-1-9

Discography
Love and Loss – Remembering Martyn in Scotland's Music, 2007
Take the road to Aberfeldy, 2007
Glen Lyon, 2002
In the sunny long ago…, 2000 (all arrangements and production by Margaret and Martyn Bennett)

Prizes and homages (main)
Michaelis-Jena Ratcliff Folklore Prize (1991, for her book The Last Stronghold)
The Scotch Malt Whisky Society Award (1994)
The Donald Fergusson International Essay Prize (1995) for her study of Gaelic Song in Eastern Canada
Master Music Maker Award (1998)
The Clio Award for Quebec, Canadian Historical Association/Société historique du Canada (1999, for her book Oatmeal and the Catechism)
Exceptional Celtic Woman Award from Celtic Women International, (2003)
Honorary Life Membership of the Traditional Music and Song Association of Scotland (2007)

References
External links
Personal page
Biography at the American Folklife Center
Margaret Bennett discography at MusicBrainzKlein is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States, roughly bordering Texas State Highway 99 to the north, Texas State Highway 249 to the west, Interstate 45 to the east, and the city of Houston to the south. It includes the entire area of Klein ISD. Residents of the zip codes 77066, 77069, 77086, 77379, 77388, 77389 and 77391 can use Klein as their postal city. Klein is one of the most diverse, as well as being one of the largest unincorporated areas of Houston. 
It is named after Adam Klein, a German immigrant whose best-known great-great-grandson is singer Lyle Lovett. Other famous sons and daughters of the Klein community include actor Jim Parsons, actor Lee Pace, actor Matthew Bomer, actress Lynn Collins, actress Sherry Stringfield, singer/songwriter Derek Webb, songwriter Aaron Tate, singer/songwriter Chase Hamblin, actor Ben Rappaport, Major League Baseball players David Murphy and Josh Barfield, NFL players Randy Bullock, Ashton Youboty, Mike Green (running back), and Olympic gold medalists Laura Wilkinson, Simone Biles, and Chad Hedrick as well as Kevin M. Klein chef and restaurateur Klein is served by David Wayne Hooks Memorial Airport, one of just a few privately owned airports in the U.S. to have a Federal Aviation Administration control tower, and home to Civil Air Patrol's Delta Composite Squadron.

Geography
Klein has a Humid subtropical climate with a 9a Hardiness zone. The area is susceptible to hurricanes and flooding.
The area serves as a fringe ecocline  boundary between the Piney Woods, southern post oak savanna, and prairie land as an extension of the Western Gulf coastal grasslands. 
Much of the original ecosystem had been cleared for farming. Since then, the community has been rapidly built up by subdivisions, businesses, and mixed land use — and thus very little of the area represents its native ecosystem. 
Most of the core Klein area sits between Spring Creek to the north, separating Tomball to the northwest by Willow Creek, and Cypress Creek is the waterway that passes through the center of the greater Klein area. Both these creeks are tributaries to lower Spring Creek (Harris County, Texas) and ultimately Lake Houston.
Parcels along Cypress Creek contain a mix of older undisturbed bottomland forest, private residence, and well-maintained bike trails through public parks. 
Prairie-like stretches of oak (Quercus virginiana) and various hardwoods, draped in Spanish moss, are present in and around the Raveneaux Country Club, Klein High School, as well as in public spaces such as Meyer Park.
The Klein Kissing Tree is in Klein. In April 2020 the Texas A&M Forest Service designated it as one of several historic "kissing trees" in the state.

Flora
A well-preserved oxbow lake habitat can be found in the Ponderosa Walking Park. Dwarf palmetto Sabal minor and southern magnolia Magnolia grandiflora trees are found in the understory and near the edges of bodies of water and swamps, as well as bald cypress (Taxodium distichum) sweetgum (Liquidambar styraciflua), water oak (Quercus nigra), and black tupelo (Nyssa sylvatica) all being present.

Fauna
Reptiles from common species like the Red-ear slider turtle, and green anole (Anolis carolinensis), American green tree frog, to more precarious species such as the venomous Texas coral snake Micrurus tener, and the American alligator.

Government and infrastructure
Local government
The Klein Volunteer Fire Department, headquartered at 16810 Sqyures and operates with eight stations, serves areas considered to be Klein. KVFD stations in areas with Klein postal addresses. Klein FD is funded by Harris County ESD 16.
Klein FD is operated under a Fire Chief, Deputy Fire Chief, 2 District Chiefs and 3 Safety Officers.
Klein FD station locations.
Station 31 at 18337 Stuebner-Airline Road.               Engine 31, Tower 31, Tanker 31. Reserve Engine 39
Station 32 is at Gladebrook and West FM 1960.            Engine 32, Ladder 32, Utility 32
Station 33 at 9755 Landry Boulevard                      Engine 33, Rescue 33, Tanker 33
Station 34 at 16810 Squyres Road.                        Engine 34, Rescue 34, Squad 34, Reserve Engine 38
Station 35 at Boudreaux near Miramar Lake Blvd.          Engine 35, Rehab 35, Booster 35
Station 36 at N. Eldridge Parkway at North Point Blvd.   Engine 36, Ladder 36, Booster 36
Station 37 at 5518 Winding Ridge Drive.                  Engine 37, Equipment 37, Utility 37

County, state, and federal representation
Klein is within Harris County Precinct 4. As of 2015, R. Jack Cagle is the Precinct 4 County Commissioner.
The community is served by the Harris County Sheriff's Office District I Patrol, headquartered from the Cypresswood Substation at 6831 Cypresswood Drive.The Harris Health System (formerly Harris County Hospital District) designated the Acres Homes Health Center for the ZIP code 77379. The designated public hospital is Lyndon B. Johnson Hospital in northeast Houston.Dan Crenshaw is the U.S. Representative for the 2nd Congressional District serving Klein, Texas. State Representative Valoree Swanson represents the 150th legislative district. 
The United States Postal Service operates the Klein Post Office at 7717 Louetta Road.

Education
The Klein community is primarily served by the Klein Independent School District. However a few minuscule portions of Klein are served by the Spring ISD and the Cypress-Fairbanks ISD.
The Klein ISD area joined the North Harris Montgomery Community College District (now Lone Star College) in 1998. The Texas Legislature designated Klein ISD a part of the Lone Star College district.

Demographics
The 2016 estimate for the Klein area was 200,805 people. The racial makeup of the town was 46.3 percent White, 32.4 percent Black, 0.6 percent Native American, 14.8 percent Asian, 0.1 percent Pacific Islander, 5.8 percent from other races. Persons of Hispanic origin, regardless of race, accounted for 28.9 percent of the population.  About 27.7% of families live below the poverty line.
Black Americans have been well represented in the Kohrville community dating back since the Reconstruction era. Kohrville school served the area up until 1928, when students were consolidated into to Rural High School District Number One, which eventually became Klein High School.

Parks and recreation
Harris County Precinct 4 Commissioner operates the 7-acre (28,000 m2) Klein Park. The park has four lighted athletic ball fields and toilet facilities.Meyer Park, a 40-acre park,  which straddles Cypresswood Road has 38 multiple-sized soccer fields for different age groups. The park also has 4 baseball fields, a playground, a dog park, toilet facilities, and pavilions.

References
External links

Klein, Texas from the Handbook of Texas Online
Hooks Airport Web Site
Delta Composite Squadron, Civil Air Patrol
Klein Volunteer Fire Department
Cypress Creek EMS
Klein Independent School District
Story about Lyle Lovett's connection to KleinKatherine "Kat" Nestel (born April 3, 1990) is an American recording artist and songwriter. In June 2013 she signed with management company 1916 MGMT, and soon after she signed a publishing deal with BMG Chrysalis.
As of February 2014, Kat has signed with production team The Monsters and the Strangerz for her artist project. She is currently writing on various Top 40 projects with The Suspex, Jonas Jeberg, Matt Squire, The Stereotypes, Jean Baptiste and more. Kat gained mainstream recognition for her brief stint on the popular Fox show American Idol. She has also gained notability from her various YouTube videos with Rome from Sublime with Rome, many of which have garnered over 2 million views. In 2010, Kat sang background vocals on the Dirty Heads song "Lay Me Down" which eventually became a #1 Hit on the Billboard Alternative and All Formats Rock charts.In January 2015, she collaborated with Dutch EDM duo Vicetone to provide vocals for the track 'No Way Out' which was released on Spinnin' Records, as well as for 'Nothing Stopping Me' and 'Angels'.

Biography
Kat is a singer/songwriter from Orange County, California. She draws inspiration from her life experiences and the artists she grew up emulating. Kat started performing at a young age, and has performed over 300 shows in Southern California since she began playing at the age of 14. Kat has formed relationships with many influential musicians and industry professionals, which has helped lead to many notable collaborations with artists like The Dirty Heads and Rome. Recently, Kat made her first national television appearance, when she performed on "Chasing Rainbows" and "Supergirl" on AXS Live.


Jack Kyle Farris (born May 6, 1934) is a retired major general in the United States Air Force.

Biography
Farris was born in Fennimore, Wisconsin, in 1934. He attended the University of Southern California and Dartmouth College.
Farris married his wife, Nina, in 1958. They had two children together, a son, Kyle Farris, and a daughter, Karen Farris Luce. Jack and Nina Farris have four grandchildren and currently reside in Florida.

Career
Farris graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1957. Later he graduated from the Squadron Officer School, the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, and the Air War College. In 1964 he was assigned to the United States Air Force Academy as an air officer commanding. During the Vietnam War he served with the 12th Air Commando Squadron. Later he was named Deputy Commandant of the Cadet Wing and of Military Instruction at the Air Force Academy. From 1979 to 1981 he held command of the 2nd Bombardment Wing. In 1984 he was named Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Planning and Analysis of the Strategic Air Command. Later he became vice commander of the 15th Air Force. His retirement was effective as of September 1, 1989.
Awards he has received include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Purple Heart, the Meritorious Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Air Medal with silver oak leaf cluster and four bronze oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal with oak leaf cluster, the Combat Readiness Medal, the Parachutist Badge, and the Missile Badge.


Chestertown Historic District is a national historic district located at Chestertown, Warren County, New York.  It includes seven contributing buildings. It includes the Fowler Homestead and related outbuildings, the Church of the Good Shepherd (1884, addition 1954), Chester Town Hall, the Fowler cemetery, and centennial monument (1913).  The Fowler Homestead is a Greek Revival style home constructed in the mid-1840s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.


The Royal Maintenance Corps "silah al siyana al-malaki" (سلاح الصيانة الملكي) is a branch of the Jordanian Armed Forces. It must furnish continuous operation to the field and is responsible for flow of parts, and for every vehicle being operational and ready for battle. The corps' engineers are also responsible for upgrading the tanks in use.

Role in improving the Jordanian military
The maintenance corps role in improving Jordanian ground units, is to apply enhanced targeting systems on the M60 Patton,  the full reconstruction of several other vehicles such as the Centurion tank and to upgrade the 274 Chieftain tank  in a redesign called Khalid ibn al-Walid.
The Jordanian engineers were able to revolutionise the Challenger 1 turret system with an auto loader and a 120 mm smooth-bore gun. Maintenance specialists were sent to the United States and Britain for advanced training.

History
In 1972, the Chieftain Tank needed enhancement in order to meet changing military needs. The Corps Commander, Major General Kharabsheh, installed the new laser targeting system on several tanks including the M60. This move was revolutionary for the Jordanian military. It made it possible for the cavalry to balance power with its neighbors.

Commanders
The king of Jordan selected the commanders of the corps. A list follows:

Brigadier General Engineer Nael AL-Ragad 2009–present
Major General Abdilwahab Kharabsheh ? - 1992
Major General Mosleh AlMuthanna AlYamani 1988-1992
Brigadier General Waleed a. Samkari 1992 - ?
Major General Engineer Fadel Mohammed Ali 2000 - 2001

References
External links
Royal Jordanian maintenance corp
Jordanian armed forces